The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.As petrale sole (Eopsetta jordani) is a valuable groundfish harvested in the California Current (CC), proper aging is important for its assessment and management. This study presents the first bomb radiocarbon reference chronology for the CC and petrale sole age validation. Break-and-burn and surface ages are negatively biased by approximately 1 year and 2-3 years, respectively. Compared to previous studies, the reference and validation curves are more variable and show a lag in the rate of radiocarbon increase during the informative years of bomb radiocarbon increase in marine systems. Upwelling in the CC produces a later onset and slower rate of increase in radiocarbon levels due to the introduction and mixing of radiocarbon-depleted deep waters with surface waters that interact with the atmosphere. The variable and lagged rate of radiocarbon increase in the petrale sole data may be due to a substantial portion of the first year of life spent in areas subject to variable upwelling, illustrating the importance of using reference curves for age validation that are region- and species-specific when possible. Otolith ages and bomb radiocarbon assays.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 19 towboard surveys (46.2630 km in length), were conducted at Wake Island during the Pacific Remote Island Areas RAMP Cruise HI0701 from 19 April - 9 May 2007. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSSearch Catholic OnlineThis dataset consists of Level III weather radar products collected from Next-Generation Radar (NEXRAD) stations located in the contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. territories and at military base sites. NEXRAD is a network of 160 high-resolution Doppler weather radars operated by the NOAA National Weather Service (NWS), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and the U.S. Air Force (USAF). Doppler radars detect atmospheric precipitation and winds, which allow scientists to track and anticipate weather events, such as rain, ice pellets, snow, hail, and tornadoes, as well as some non-weather objects like birds and insects. NEXRAD stations use the Weather Surveillance Radar - 1988, Doppler (WSR-88D) system. This is a 10 cm wavelength (S-Band) radar that operates at a frequency between 2,700 and 3,000 MHz. The radar system operates in two basic modes: a slow-scanning Clear Air Mode (Mode B) for analyzing air movements when there is little or no precipitation activity in the area, and a Precipitation Mode (Mode A) with a faster scan for tracking active weather. The two modes employ nine Volume Coverage Patterns (VCPs) to adequately sample the atmosphere based on weather conditions. A VCP is a series of 360 degree sweeps of the antenna at pre-determined elevation angles and pulse repetition frequencies completed in a specified period of time. The radar scan times 4.5, 5, 6 or 10 minutes depending on the selected VCP. During 2008, the WSR-88D radars were upgraded to produce increased spatial resolution data, called Super Resolution. The earlier Legacy Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 1 km range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 230 km. The upgraded Super Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 300 km. Super resolution makes a compromise of slightly decreased noise reduction for a large gain in resolution. In 2010, the deployment of the Dual Polarization (Dual Pol) capability to NEXRAD sites began with the first operational Dual Pol radar in May 2011. Dual Pol radar capability adds vertical polarization to the previous horizontal radar waves, in order to more accurately discern the return signal. This allows the radar to better distinguish between types of precipitation (e.g., rain, hail and snow), improves rainfall estimates, improves data retrieval in mountainous terrain, and aids in removal of non-weather artifacts. The NEXRAD products are divided in two data processing levels. The lower Level II data are base products at original resolution. Level II data are recorded at all NWS and most USAF and FAA WSR-88D sites. From the Level II quantities, computer processing generates numerous meteorological analysis Level III products. The Level III data consists of reduced resolution, low-bandwidth, base products as well as many derived, post-processed products. Level III products are recorded at most U.S. sites, though non-US sites do not have Level III products. There are over 40 Level III products available from the NCDC. General products for Level III include the base and composite reflectivity, storm relative velocity, vertical integrated liquid, echo tops and VAD wind profile. Precipitation products for Level III include estimated ground accumulated rainfall amounts for one and three hour periods, storm totals, and digital arrays. Estimates are based on reflectivity to rainfall rate (Z-R) relationships. Overlay products for Level III are alphanumeric data that give detailed information on certain parameters for an identified storm cell. These include storm structure, hail index, mesocyclone identification, tornadic vortex signature, and storm tracking information. Radar messages for Level III are sent by the radar site to users in order to know more about the radar status and special product data. NEXRAD data are provided to the NOAA National Climatic Data Center for archiving and dissemination to users. Data coverage varies by station and ranges from May 1992 to 1 day from present. Most stations began observing in the mid-1990s, and most period of records are continuous.Links to grassland bird species with detailed descriptions and bibliographic database in *.zip files to download in ProCite 5, Rich Text Format or ASCII formats.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Residential Life, ResLifepostdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.All recreationally caught billfish and swordfish that are landed outside of a registered tournament must be reported to the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS). Recreational fishermen may report through a webpage or by calling the Highly Migratory Species (HMS) Recreational Reporting Line. Webpage submissions automatically update the database; reports that are called in are manually entered by HMS staff. Data elements collected include species landed, date of landing, date of fishing trip, port of landing, vessel name, vessel permit number, fish length, fish weight, type of trip (charter/private), fishing technique, bait type, fight time, number and species of fish released.Facilities with operating permits for Title V of the Federal Clean Air Act, as well as facilities required to submit an air emissions inventory, and other facilities with an air quality interest such as Feed Mills, Group 1 Grain Elevators, and Permit By Rule (PBR) Spray Booths.These ESRI shape files are of National Park Service tract and boundary data that was created by the Land Resources Division. Tracts are numbered and created by the regional cartographic staff at the Land Resources Program Centers and are associated to the Land Status Maps. This data should be used to display properties that NPS owns and properties that NPS may have some type of interest such as scenic easements or right of ways.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 24949 was deployed in the region of NW Hawaiian Islands to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpIt's the only way to understand global environmental conditions that were very different from the way they are today.Comprehensive background information on coastal land loss, discussing the influence of waves and storms, the intrinsic characteristics of the shoreline materials, and the role of human activities.Research@StAndrews:FullText Research@StAndrews:FullText DSpace repositoryThis 2' surface deflection of the vertical grid for the conterminous United States is the DEFLEC96 model. The computationused about 1.8 million terrestrial and marine gravity data held in the National Geodetic Survey gravity data base in July 1996. These data were augmented by gravity data contributions from NGA (former National Imagery and Mapping Agency (former Defence Mapping Agency)). The deflections were obtained by numerical differentiation of cubic spline models along the meridians of the GEOID96 grid. The gravity values are based on theInternational Gravity Standardization Net 1971 (IGSN71). The deflections are referred to the Geodetic Reference System 1980 (GRS80) ellipsoidal normals. The deflections of the vertical incorporate the reference system relationship between NAD 83(86) and ITRF94(1996.0), the datum offset of NAVD 88, and thecontributions from 2951 GPS on leveled benchmarks. The curvature of the plumb line correction has been applied. http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/DEFLEC/deflec.html We are particularly grateful to NGA (former National Imagery and Mapping Agency) for their assistance and their data contributions.Residential Life, ResLifeThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Long-term reduction in rainfall and increasing temperature threaten Uganda's future food production prospects; combined with rapid population growth these factors could increase the number of people who are at risk during the next 20 years.This dataset consists of a mosaic created from an Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (IfSAR) derived digital surface model (DSM) acquired over the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (NPR-A) in northern Alaska between 07/2002 and 09/2006. The primary IFSAR dataset was acquired by Intermap Technologies and contracted by the Bureau of Land Management, U.S. Geological Survey, and the National Science Foundation. The raw data were collected with a STAR-3i airborne synthetic aperture radar system, a high-resolution, single pass, across track IfSAR system (Intermap, 2010). The Digital Surface Model (DSM) products represent the first reflective surface as illuminated by the radar. The STAR-3i system is capable of acquiring imagery with a horizontal accuracy better than 2 m, a vertical accuracy better than 1 m, and a vertical resolution on the order of 0.1 m (Intermap, 2010). Accuracy statements are based on areas of moderate terrain. Diminished accuracies are to be expected in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation. In addition, the DSM contains processing artifacts expressing as 30 to 50 cm high ripples or 'corn rows' that should be considered additional vertical error in the dataset. This striping results from uncompensated differential phase errors on very flat terrain. In addition, users will notice a seam line separating the tiles that were provided in UTM zone 5 with those provided in UTM zone 4. The differences along the seamline is within the 1m vertical accuracy of the dataset butthe variability is apparent here. The DSM data for 7.5-minute by 18-minute units correspond to the USGS 1:63,360 scale topographic quadrangle map series for available areas in the United States. Each 7.5-minute by 18-minute tile provides full coverage with overlap into adjacent tiles. The mosaic consists of 312 tiles. The mosaic was created using the software package Global Mapper and exported as an Erdas Imagine image file. The IFSAR tiles comprising the mosaic consist of bara1nw, bara1se, bara1sw, bara2ne, bara2nw, bara2nw, bara2se, bara2sw, bara2sw, bara3ne, bara3nw, bara3nw, bara3se, bara3se, bara3sw, bara3sw, bara4ne, bara4ne, bara4nw, bara4nw, bara4se, bara4se, bara4sw, bara4sw, bara5ne, bara5ne, bara5se, bara5se, bara5sw, bara5sw, barb3se, barb3se, barb3sw, barb3sw, barb4ne, barb4ne, barb4se, barb4se, barb4sw, barb4sw, hara2nw, hara2sw, hara3ne, hara3nw, hara3se, hara3sw, hara4ne, hara4nw, hara4se, hara4sw, hara5ne, hara5nw, hara5se, hara5sw, harb2nw, harb2sw, harb3ne, harb3nw, harb3se, harb3sw, harb4ne, harb4nw, harb4se, harb4sw, harb5ne, harb5nw, harb5se, harb5sw, harc3sw, harc4nw, harc4se, harc4sw, harc5ne, harc5nw, harc5se, harc5sw, hard4sw, hard5ne, hard5nw, hard5se, hard5sw, ikpc1ne, ikpc1nw, ikpc1se, ikpc1sw, ikpc2ne, ikpc2nw, ikpc2se, ikpc2sw, ikpc3ne, ikpc3nw, ikpc3se, ikpc3sw, ikpc4ne, ikpc4nw, ikpc4se, ikpc4sw, ikpd1ne, ikpd1nw, ikpd1se, ikpd1sw, ikpd2ne, ikpd2nw, ikpd2se, ikpd2sw, ikpd3ne, ikpd3nw, ikpd3se, ikpd3sw, ikpd4ne, ikpd4nw, ikpd4se, ikpd4sw, ikpd5ne, ikpd5nw, ikpd5se, ikpd5sw, ikrc5ne, ikrc5nw, ikrc5se, ikrc5sw, lord1ne, lord1nw, lord1se, lord1sw, lord2ne, lord2nw, lord2se, lord2sw, lord3ne, lord3nw, lord3se, lord3sw, lord4se, lord4sw, mera1ne, mera1nw, mera1se, mera1sw, mera2ne, mera2nw, mera2se, mera2sw, lord4nw, lord4ne, mera3ne, mera3nw, mera3se, mera3sw, mera4ne, mera4nw, mera4se, mera4sw, merb1ne, merb1nw, merb1se, merb1sw, merb2ne, merb2nw, merb2se, merb2sw, merb3ne, merb3nw, merb3se, merb3sw, merb4ne, merb4nw, merb4se, merb4sw, merc1ne, merc1nw, merc1se, merc1sw, merc2ne, merc2nw, merc2se, merc2sw, merc3ne, merc3nw, merc3se, merc3sw, merc4ne, merc4nw, merc4se, merc4sw, merd1ne, merd1ne, merd1nw, merd1nw, merd1se, merd1sw, merd2ne, merd2ne, merd2nw, merd2nw, merd2se, merd2sw, merd3ne, merd3ne, merd3nw, merd3nw, merd3se, merd3sw, merd4se, merd4sw, tesa1ne, tesa1nw, tesa1se, tesa1sw, tesa2ne, tesa2nw, tesa2se, tesa2sw, tesa3ne, tesa3nw, tesa3se, tesa3sw, tesa4ne, tesa4nw, tesa4se, tesa4sw, tesa5ne, tesa5nw, tesa5se, tesa5sw, tesb1ne, tesb1nw, tesb1se, tesb1sw, tesb2ne, tesb2nw, tesb2se, tesb2sw, tesb3ne, tesb3nw, tesb3se, tesb3sw, tesb4ne, tesb4nw, tesb4se, tesb4sw, tesb5ne, tesb5nw, tesb5se, tesb5sw, tesc1ne, tesc1nw, tesc1se, tesc1sw, tesc2ne, tesc2nw, tesc2se, tesc2sw, tesc3ne, tesc3nw, tesc3se, tesc3sw, tesc4ne, tesc4nw, tesc4se, tesc4sw, tesc5ne, tesc5nw, tesc5se, tesc5sw, tesd1ne, tesd1nw, tesd1se, tesd1sw, tesd2ne, tesd2nw, tesd2se, tesd2sw, tesd3nw, tesd3se, tesd3sw, tesd4ne, tesd4nw, tesd4se, tesd4sw, tesd5ne, tesd5ne, tesd5nw, tesd5nw, tesd5se, tesd5sw, umic3ne, umic3nw, umic3se, umic3sw, umic4ne, umic4nw, umic4se, umic4sw, umic5se, umic5sw, umic5ne, umic5nw, umid2nw, umid2sw, umid3ne, umid3nw, umid3se, umid3sw, umid4ne, umid4nw, umid4se, umid4sw, umid5ne, umid5nw, umid5se, and umid5sw.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The aims of WCRP is to facilitate analysis and prediction of Earth System variability and change for use in an increasing range of practical applications of direct relevance, benefit and value to societyLinks to electronic publications of the Columbia Environmental Research Center (CERC) including journal articles and full-text publications accessible by publication series and subjects.National Transportation Atlas Database metadata states - "The Amtrak Stations database is a geographic data set containing Amtrak intercity railroad passenger terminals." "Attribute data include services and passenger amenities provided at the station." Data includes Amtrak railroad including some old stations that closed. Data currentness is reported at July 2000. Data does not include regional commuter railroad stations that also serve as Amtrak service, only stations in the Fixed-Guideway Transit Network. See Completeness report for more detail on station inclusion.Search the School of Divinity, University of St Andrews websiteThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A list of research topics we expect to undertake, with a short statement for each one explaining the rationale and benefit of pursuing that goal.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.Rugosity is derived from gridded (5 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard NOAA Ship Hiialaka'i and R/V AHI, and IKONOS derived depths using the Benthic Terrain Modeler with rugosity methods by Jeff Jenness (2003). Cell values reflect the surface area and (surface area) / (planimetric area) ratio for the area contained within that cell's boundaries. They provide indices of topographic roughness & convolutedness. This data set is for the bank top and lagoon environments of Kure Atoll, Hawaii, USA.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.WMSReports, data, and current research on mineral resources in AlaskaThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateBarrow field campaign data from March 2008.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe Glacial Features (Point) layer describes point features associated with surficial geology. These glacial features include, but are not limited to, delta forsets, drumlins, striations and significant exposures. This layer also includes non-glacial exposures such as gravel pits. An associated DBASE table (GLAC_DESC167P.dbf) is available with glacial feature descriptions.WMSThis data set includes the member countries of the International Arctic Science Committee (www.iasc.se), including country representatives, the organization sponsoring national membership and their URL, and funding agencies or organizations that sponsor arctic research in that respective country.The nowCOAST 'wwa' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing near real-time watches, warnings and advisories from the National Weather Service (NWS). These layers include the latest Tropical Cyclone Track Forecast from the NWS National Hurricane Center (NHC), updated hourly, as well as NWS short-duration warnings (Tornado, Extreme Wind, Severe Thunderstorm, Flood, Flash Flood, and Special Marine Warnings), updated each minute. The The 'wwa' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.The Gridded 5km GHCN-Daily Temperature and Precipitation Dataset (nClimGrid) consists of four climate variables derived from the GHCN-D dataset: maximum temperature, minimum temperature, average temperature and precipitation. Each file provides monthly values in a 5x5 lat/lon grid for the Continental United States. Data is available from 1895 to the present. On an annual basis, approximately one year of "final" nClimGrid will be submitted to replace the initially supplied "preliminary" data for the same time period. Users should be sure to ascertain which level of data is required for their research.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. The subject file represents Census Block Groups 2000 for the State of Arkansas. It is a registered trademark of the Bureau of the Census and an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. Files for the Island Areas are not included. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. They do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing these files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries.Search Graduate Attributes in Action on Brookes WikiThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains how and why landslides occur in this area, and what can be done to forecast and mitigate them.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Pump cast sampling, and associated CTD casts took place from a fixed vessel during one 28-35 day cruise per year in 1990, 1991, 1992, 1995, and 1996. In 1997 there were 2 week cruises in May, July, and October.This georeferenced RGB image represents 10 meter resolution bathymetry of Abrir La Sierra Bank, Puerto Rico. This image is also vertically exaggerated by a factor of 1, and sun illuminated where the azimuth = 45 degrees and angle = 40 degrees. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 4/14/07 to 4/24/07. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and a Reson 8124 multibeam echosounder and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE image surface based on swath angle. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.General information on the science of hydrology with information on ground water, surface water, water use, the work of hydrologists, and hydrology as a career.Descriptions, results, and data on research projects using geographic analysis and monitoring and remote sensing to study ecosystems and land processes in the Arctic region.Bathymetry of Lake Michigan has been compiled as a component of a NOAA project to rescue Great Lakes lake floor geological and geophysical data and make it more accessible to the public. The project is a cooperative effort between investigators at the NOAA National Geophysical Data Center's Marine Geology & Geophysics Division (NGDC/MGG) and the NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory (GLERL). was compiled utilizing the entire historic sounding data base. This bathymetry resolves physiography of the lake floor to an extent that known features are revealed more accurately and features never before seen are revealed for the first time. Bathymetry has been compiled using the entire array of good-quality historical hydrographic soundings collected in support of nautical charting over a 120-year period by the NOAA National Ocean Service and its predecessor agency for Great Lakes surveying, the Army Corps of Engineers. More than 600,000 bathymetric soundings were employed, of which approximately 60 per cent were already in digital form, 25 per cent were digitized in conjunction with this effort, and the remaining 15 per cent were available only on paper survey sheets. Bathymetry was compiled at a scale of 1:250,000, with a contour interval of 5 meters. Density of tracklines is generally about 2000m for the open lake and ranges from 200m to 600m for nearshore areas. Soundings collected since 1903 were already reduced to the Lake Michigan mean low water datum; these were used for bathymetric contouring without further calibration or adjustments. Soundings collected prior to 1903 were reduced to the mean low water datum. In preparation for bathymetric contouring, digital soundings were converted to metric units and plotted in color; separate colors were assigned to the various depth ranges. From the paper sheets, contours in metric units were generated directly on overlays; these contours were then reduced to the compilation scale of 1:250,000 and incorporated into the map. Compilation sheets were then scanned and vectorized; and the resulting digital vector bathymetric contour data were used to generate the imagery shown on the large color plate. Images were constructed using the publicly-available software Generic Mapping Tools (GMT).Provides standards and guidance for measuring, estimating, collecting, and analyzing water-use data. Includes brief descriptions of water-use activities, commonly used water-use terminology, and approaches and methods used in estimating water use.Department of Economics - University of OxfordTidal, river and ocean current observations collected by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. Period of record is late 1800s to mid-1980s.2012 Annual Report / Ford FoundationExplains how critical information about dispersal and gene flow in sage-grouse populations can be obtained from the DNA coded in the sage-grouse feathers collected at their communal breeding grounds, which are called "leks".The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) collaborated on the creation of eight global land survery (GLS) data collections: GLS1975, GLS1990, GLS2000, GLS2005, GLS2005-Islands (EO-1), GLS2010, GLS2010 Islands (EO-1) and GLSLIMA (Antarctica) . Each of these global data sets was created from the primary Landsat sensor in use at the time for those periods of time: the Multispectral Scanner in the 1970s, the Thematic Mapper (TM) in 1990's, and the Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus (ETM+) combined with TM data in 2000, 2005, and 2010. Direct downlink to a ground station was the only way to acquire Landsat 5 TM data, because unlike Landsat 7, the Landsat 5 satellite did not have an onboard solid-state recorder. To obtain Landsat 5 TM imagery for areas outside the United States, the USGS negotiated agreements with ground stations around the globe to downlink and send data to USGS. These agreements made thousands of additional Landsat 5 TM scenes available for GLS consideration. The GLS datasets are scene-based. Other decadal mosaics are available in the Landsat Legacy collections.WFS Service for RGIS dataset National Park Boundaries (7bbe8af5-029b-4adf-b06c-134f0dd57226)Search tool for locating print and online U.S. geologic maps by area, title, author, etc.This database contains weekly reports submitted by herring vessels with IVR reporting requirements.WMSThese photographs were taken by Gemini mission astronauts with handheld cameras or by the Large Format Camera (LFC) that flew on space shuttle Challenger in October 1984.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.USGS water resources home page for Idaho with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and long-term data on streamflow, ground and surface water, water quality, and water use, plus drought watch and relevant publications.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of six-inch pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.This dataset replaces the previous Time Bias Corrected Divisional Temperature-Precipitation Drought Index. The new divisional data set (nCLIMDIV) is based on the Global Historical Climatological Network-Daily (GHCN-D) and makes use of several improvements to the previous data set. For the input data, improvements include additional station networks, quality assurance reviews and temperature bias adjustments. Perhaps the most extensive improvement is to the computational approach, which now employs climatologically aided interpolation. This 5km grid based calculation nCLIMGRID helps to address topographic and network variability. This data set is primarily used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) to issue State of the Climate Reports on a monthly basis. These reports summarize recent temperature and precipitation conditions and long-term trends at a variety of spatial scales, the smallest being the climate division level. Data at the climate division level are aggregated to compute statewide, regional and national snapshots of climate conditions. For CONUS, the period of record is from 1895-present. Derived quantities such as Standardized precipitation Index (SPI), Palmer Drought Indices (PDSI, PHDI, PMDI, and ZNDX) and degree days are also available for the CONUS sites. In March 2015, data for thirteen Alaskan climate divisions were added to the nCLIMDIV data set. Data for the new Alaskan climate divisions begin in 1925 through the present and are included in all nCLIMDIV monthly updates. Alaskan climate data include the following elements for divisional and statewide coverage: average temperature, maximum temperature (highs), minimum temperature (lows), and precipitation. The Alaska nCLIMDIV data were created and updated using similar methodology as that for the CONUS, but with a different approach to establishing the underlying climatology. The Alaska data are built upon the 1971-2000 PRISM averages whereas the CONUS values utilize a base climatology derived from the nCLIMGRID data set.Lead page for detailed United States surface water information with links to real-time and historic streamflow data, suspended sediment data, USGS programs and facilities, publications, techniques, and featured news releases.These are the impaired streams as determined by MPCA in 2004. The streams are a subset and enhancement of the 1:100,000 scale National Hydrography Dataset (NHD). MPCA adds additional stream reaches. Since the impaired streams are a small subset of the NHD streams, only that subset is included in the dataset.This data set contains ortho-rectified mosaic tiles, created as a product from the NOAA Integrated Ocean and Coastal Mapping (IOCM) initiative. The source imagery was acquired from 20100404 - 20110323. The images were acquired with an Applanix Digital Sensor System (DSS). The original images were acquired at a higher resolution than the final ortho-rectified mosaic.Habitat suitability models for 30 different types of deep-sea corals.Drupal API documentationpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Puerto Rico soil erodibility (Kffactor) - low values indicate low vulnerability to erosion, higher values mean higher susceptibility to runoff.The Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) manages over 446,000 acres of public lands and protected open space in the state. The DNR Lands data (part of Technology Toolbox Protected Lands data set) consists of mapped information that represent those lands that are owned by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.Utilizing various land protection programs and funding sources, the Maryland Department of Natural Resources has preserved environmentally important lands through the use of perpetual conservation easements. The Forest Legacy Program is designed to identify and protect environmentally important forest lands that are threatened by present or future conversion to non-forest use through the use of perpetual conservation easements between willing sellers and willing buyers. Only private forest land in a Forest Legacy Area is eligible for the program. Marylands Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program (CREP) has helped thousands of Maryland landowners plant streamside buffers, establish wetlands, protect highly erodible land, and create wildlife habitat. The State of Maryland has entered into a memorandum of Agreement with USDA authorizing the State of Maryland to continue the voluntary program for the purchase of perpetual easements for Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) land. A perpetual CREP easement is a written legal agreement between a landowner and the State of Maryland in which there is an acquired permanent interest in the land to install or maintain conservation practices that protect water quality and natural resources. The Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) administers the CREP easement program. DNR is also assisted by a number of local governments and non-government organization sponsors.The Department of Natural Resources makes no warranty, expressed or implied, as to the use or appropriateness of Spatial Data, and there are no warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. The information contained in Spatial Data is from publicly available sources, but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of Spatial Data. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be subject to liability for human error, error due to software conversion, defect, or failure of machines, or any material used in the connection with the machines, including tapes, disks, CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs and energy. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be liable for any lost profits, consequential damages, or claims against the Department of Natural Resources by third parties. The liability of the Department of Natural Resources for damage regardless of the form of the action shall not exceed any distribution fees that may have been paid in obtaining Spatial Data.Using genetic analysis of organic material found in aquatic environments it is possible to detect the presence of organisms without necessarily observing or capturing individuals. Explains terms, methods, and prospective utility of this approach.WMSJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemIPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2012-01-27; Survey End: 2012-01-27; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: DGPS;Ice Coverage is measured by the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer for the Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) onboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.Search eL@B on Brookes WikiThis static map image portrays legislative district boundaries of district 22 as of March 9, 2002. A Legislative district is a political subdivisions into which a state is divided for electing members to the Legislature. Each legislative district is represented by one senator and two representatives. Since Idaho's legislative districts are not further split into two House of Representative districts, both representatives, like the senator, serve the entire district. The districts are established by state law and are redrawn following a decennial census to maintain equal population in each.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A total of 312 IfSAR-derived digital surface model (DSM) tiles were merged to create a seamless mosaic for the 46,000 km2 study area. The airborne interferometric synthetic aperture radar (IfSAR) data was acquired between 2002 and 2006 for the Western Arctic Coastal Plain of northern Alaska.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Baseline (1961-1990) average summer total precipitation and projected change in precipitation for the northern portion of Alaska. For the purposes of these maps, 'summer' is defined as June - August. The Alaska portion of the Arctic LCC's terrestrial boundary is depicted by the black line. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS 3.1.01 data and downscaled to 2km grids; results for the other time periods (2010-2039, 2040-2069, 2070-2099) are based on the SNAP 5-GCM composite using the AR5-RCP 8.5, downscaled to 2km grids.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This raster data set represents water-level change in the High Plains aquifer of the United States from 1980 to 1995, in feet. The High Plains aquifer underlies 112.6 million acres (176,000 square miles) in parts of eight States: Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming. The aquifer's saturated thickness ranges from near zero to about 1,200 feet (Weeks and Gutentag, 1981). Water-level declines occurred in parts of the High Plains aquifer soon after the onset of substantial irrigation with groundwater (about 1950) (Luckey and others, 1981; Gutentag and others, 1984). This data set was generated in ESRI ArcInfo Workstation Version 9.3, which is a geographic information system (GIS), using water-level-change data from wells measured in 1980 and 1995 and from some additional wells in New Mexico, which were measured in 1996 and 1997. For this data set, areas of no substantial change were designated as areas where water-level change was between a rise of 3 feet and and decline of 3 feet; the raster was set to zero in the areas of no substantial change. REFERENCES CITED -- Gutentag, E.D., Heimes, F.J., Krothe, N.C., Luckey, R.R., and Weeks, J.B., 1984, Geohydrology of the High Plains aquifer in parts of Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming: U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 1400-B, 63 p. Luckey, R.R., Gutentag, E.D., and Weeks, J.B., 1981, Water-level and saturated-thickness changes, predevelopment to 1980, in the High Plains aquifer in parts of Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming: U.S. Geological Survey Hydrologic Investigations Atlas HA-652, 2 sheets, scale 1:2,500,000. Weeks, J.B., and Gutentag, E.D., 1981, Bedrock geology, altitude of base, and 1980 saturated thickness of the High Plains aquifer in parts of Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming: U.S. Geological Survey Hydrologic Investigations Atlas HA-648, 2 sheets, scale 1:2,500,000.The Ecological Investigations of Petroleum Production Platforms in the Central Gulf of Mexico Project was conducted by Texas A and M University under contract to NOAA and the Bureau of Land Management under the BLM/OCS Outer Continental Shelf Program. Grain size analyses were produced for 1654 samples collected from May 22, 1978 through January 15, 1979 by the ships Sea Transporter and T-Kip IV in the central Gulf of Mexico. Analyses were contributed in the historic 073 format. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Higher Education Today Search Higher Education Today - A Higher Education Blog by the American Council on EducationISCB - International Society for Computational BiologyThe collection and analysis of water column sonar data is a relatively new avenue of research into the marine environment. Primary uses include assessing biological abundance, species identification,and habitat characterization. It is also useful for evaluating underwater gas seeps, characterizing the seafloor and bathymetry. The goals of this collection are to archive water column sonar data collected on NOAA, academic and international fleets, and to make the data available to researchers and the public around the world.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) scientists from the Florida Integrated Science Center (FISC) conduct scientific investigations of submerged coastal and marine resources using new and existing technologies. Each contributing technique, method, or product addThis is a vector point file showing the historic sites and grave markers at Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument (LIBI). The coordinates for this dataset were collected using Trimble GeoExplorer3 or GeoXT GPS receivers.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 3sites at Asuncion in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in August and September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES0307). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.This data collection consists of Lidar Point Cloud (LPC) projects as provided to the USGS. These point cloud files contain all the original lidar points collected, with the original spatial reference and units preserved. These data may have been used as the source of updates to the National Elevation Dataset (NED), which serves as the elevation layer of the National Map. Lidar (Light detection and ranging) discrete-return point cloud data are available in the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ASPRS) LAS format. The LAS format is a standardized binary format for storing 3-dimensional point cloud data and point attributes along with header information and variable length records specific to the data. Millions of data points are stored as a 3-dimensional data cloud as a series of geo-referenced x, y coordiniates and z (elevation), as well as other attributes for each point. A few older projects in this collection are in ASCII format. Please refer to http://www.asprs.org/Committee-General/LASer-LAS-File-Format-Exchange-Activities.html for additional information on the .LAS file format.Chart of the geologic time scale with references.Search 440,000 artefacts from around the worldSouth 40 Fitness, s40fitnessHomepage of the Office of Water Quality programs on the quality of the Nation's surface water and ground water resources, with links to general information, quality assurance, software, data, publications, USGS facilities, techniques, and programs.Search WWF - the global conservation organisationCurrent Kilauea eruption activity, updated daily with recent photos, maps, and deformation information and links to video for broadband users, photo glossary, and image archive.The broad scope of the Essential Fish Habitat (EFH) mandate requires an efficient process for describing and mapping the habitat needs of federally managed species. For example, research indicates surficial sediments affect the distribution and abundance of many groundfish species, yet traditional sampling with grabs and cores is impractical over areas as large as the Bering Sea shelf. Acoustic tools are suitable for large-scale surveying and show great promise as a substitute for direct-sampling methods, but they have not been proven useful for EFH purposes.Information on mineral deposits containing rare earth elements from around the world with grade and tonnage, and mineralogy.OHDR has published Railroads in Liberia as of 2007 on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.We assembled 2.1 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings extending 1,900 km along the Aleutian Islands from Unimak Island in the east to the Russian border in the west, and ranging approximately 500 km north of the central Aleutians to Petrel and Bowers Banks, and also the surrounding deep waters of the southeastern Bering Sea. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. We also digitized 25,000 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets, providing the largest single source of sediment information for the Aleutians.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Regional studies mapping the seafloor sedimentary character and assessing marine sand and gravel resources around the United States, to inform beach nourishment and coastal restoration, benthic habitat and sediment transport studiesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Document on the federally supported interagency National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program (NAPAP) covering research on causes and effects of acid precipitation with the USGS as the lead agency for monitoring wet acid deposition.Sixty-five sampling sites, selected by a statistical design to represent lengths of perennial streams in North Dakota, were chosen to be sampled for water chemistry and mercury in fish tissue to establish unbiased baseline data.To support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 5 April - 7 May 2009, belt transect surveys of coral population and diseases quantitative assessments were conducted, as a part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0902 and HI0903 in the Marianas Archipelago at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). During the cruise, there were 23 surveys in total conducted at REA sites around Saipan Island in the Marianas Archipelago. At the specific REA sites, coral biologists along with fish biologists, algal biologists and marine invertebrate zoologist entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~300 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution REA survey to assess and monitor species composition, abundance, percent cover, size distribution, diversity, and general health of fish, corals, macro-invertebrates, and algae in shallow-water (< 35 m) habitats. As a part of REA surveys, the coral belt surveys were focused on quantifying the diversity, abundance, density, and size-class distribution of the anthozoan and hydrozoan corals as well as the condition and health state of the coral reef populations. The surveys were conducted along two consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines. The belt width was dictated at the beginning of each dive by subjective perceived colony density: 1-m width was used in high density areas, while 2-m width was used in low density areas. Within each 25m transect, five 2.5-meter segments were surveyed (beginning at points: 0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 meters), whereby in each segment, all coral colonies whose center fell within 0.5m of either side of the transect line were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible (genus or species) and two planar size metrics were collected: maximum diameter and diameter perpendicular to the maximum diameter. In addition, the extent of mortality, both recent and old, was estimated for each colony. Observers paid special attention to identifying as best as possible the extent of the former live colony. When a coral colony exhibited signs of disease or compromised health, additional information was recorded including type of affliction (bleaching, skeletal growth anomaly, white syndrome, tissue loss other than white syndrome, trematodiasis, necrosis, other, pigmentation responses, algal overgrowth, and predation), severity of the affliction (mild, moderate, marked, severe, acute), as well as photographic documentation and sometimes tissue samples. Tissue samples were catalogued and fixed in buffered zinc-formalin solution for further histopathological analyses. Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts per taxon, size (width and length), mortality, predation, and health status. A surveyed area was ranging from 10m2 to 25m2 per site.The LLO operates in conjunction with the Limnological Research Center (LRC) in working towards fulfilling the objectives of the International Decade for the East African Lakes (IDEAL) to study the East African Lakes. The Lake Victoria project is funded by NSF. Like Lake Victoria, extensive work is being continued on Lake Malawi, Lake Turkana, and Lake Edward. In addition to the East African lakes, the LLO is working on Lake Issyk Kul', Lake Nicaragua, and Lake Superior. Summary: The Biogenic Silica Data file contains data for 5 cores taken from various sites in Lake Victoria. The data include ship, coring date, water depth, latitude/longitude, sampling device, sampled interval, % biogenic silica, and 14C dates. Cores were sampled at 10 cm intervals for biogenic silica analysis. Samples taken for 14C dating were prepared at the LRC Laboratory and sent to an outside AMS Facility for analysis. Pollen, charcoal, and plant macrofossils were dated. Biogenic Silica analysis was done using a timed, wet extraction technique adapted from D. J. DeMaster (1979). The analysis was done using 0.5 M NaOH at 85 0C.ISCB - International Society for Computational BiologyThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Online booklet on the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, past history, and future hazards.We estimated mean volumes of technically recoverable, conventional, undiscovered petroleum resources at 123 million barrels of crude oil, 4.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 131 million barrels of natural gas liquids in these two areas.Browsable online access to the CSA/NBII Biocomplexity Thesaurus developed in 2002-2003 through a partnership between the NBII and CSA as a merger of five thesauri.The National Solar Radiation Database (NSRDB) was produced by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory under the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. The 1991-2010 NSRDB is an update of the 1991-2005 NSRDB released in 2006 and archived at NCDC. The serially complete hourly data provided in the NSRDB update are provided in two output formats: 1) ground-based solar and meteorological dataset, and 2) 10 km gridded output produced by the SUNY model. The 10 km gridded output is from the State University of New York/Albany (SUNY) satellite radiation model developed by Richard Perez and Clean Power Research. Data in the NSRDB are a slightly modified version of the SolarAnywhere dataset distributed by Clear Power Research. The modifications are detailed in the NSRDB User's Manual. The model uses hourly radiance images estimated from Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite (GOES) imagery, daily snow cover data, and monthly averages of atmospheric water vapor, trace gases, and the amount of aerosols in the atmosphere to calculate the hourly total irradiance (sun and sky) falling on a horizontal surface. Atmospheric water vapor, trace gases, and aerosols are derived from a variety of sources. In simple terms, this satellite model uses the inverse relationship between reflected irradiance (that reflected by clouds and atmosphere back to space and the satellite sensor) and ground irradiance (that transmitted through the atmosphere to the Earth's surface). The high-resolution 10-km gridded data set from the SUNY model provides a consistency in modeled output data for its period of record for the years 1998 to 2009, the period for which necessary GOES imagery was available for the project. The SUNY model produces estimates of global and direct irradiance at hourly intervals on the 10-km grid for 49 states, excluding Alaska, where the geostationary satellites cannot resolve cloud cover with necessary detail. Although GOES images provide up to 1-km resolution, in the SUNY model, these data are down-sampled to 10-km resolution (0.1 degree x 0.1 degree). This resolution is adequate for most solar radiation resource applications and represents a practical trade-off between resolution and processing and data storage considerations. The model uses both GOES-East and GOES-West satellites for complete spatial coverage of the United States.The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of precipitation amounts. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of precipitation amounts, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.To support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 19 August - 30 September 2003, marine invertebrate quantitative assessments were conducted, as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise OES0307 in the Marianas Archipelago. Such cruises are conducted at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). At specific reef sites, marine invertebrate zoologists along with coral and algal biologists entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~100 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution benthic REA survey for coral, algae, and key invertebrate species. Invertebrate surveys were focused on quantifying key non-coral invertebrate species common to the reef habitats, and were conducted using a combination of different survey techniques to quantify the diverse communities. These methods included belt-transect surveys, roving-swim surveys, and quadrat surveys. In belt-transect surveys, quantitative counts of key invertebrates were recorded along two consecutively-placed 25m long and 2m wide belt transects (total area = 100 m2). For any species that cannot be identified in the field, a photograph and a representative specimen, if possible, is collected for later identification. Roving-swim surveys were conducted in the general area with the goal to collect qualitative data for rare, larger, and cryptic organisms, such as Crown of Thorns Starfish and Triton's Trumpet snails which may not be seen during belt-transect surveys, and to survey any additional habitats present at the site, e.g. sand, sea grass, pavement, etc. This was accomplished by swimming a zig-zag pattern that extends roughly 5 m on either side of the two transect lines (total length = 500 m). Quadrat surveys were used to quantify the smaller, more cryptic invertebrates which were sometimes overlooked or too numerous to count during belt-transect surveys. Ten 0.25-m2 quadrats were laid out at 2-m intervals along two of the 25-m transects (total area = 5 m2). For each quadrat the percent cover of sponges, octocorals and zoanthids was recorded, as well as urchins, hermit crabs of the genus Calcinus, trapezid crabs, and coralliophilid snails. In addition, up to 25 cm diameters of all urchin species are measured. Based on data from previous REA surveys, a group of target invertebrate species was chosen for quantitative counts at 2 REA sites at Pathfinder Bank in the Marianas Archipelago. The species in the list were chosen because they have been shown to be common components of the reef habitats and they are species that are generally visible (i.e.; non-cryptic) and easily enumerated during the course of a single 50-60 minute SCUBA survey.Proposed removal of dams will change the characteristics of stream flow and will affect fish that swim upstream to spawn. A mathematical model of the river flow tells us where the likely problems will be located and how the flow will change.The Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) from The National Map (TNM) defines the perimeter of drainage areas formed by the terrain and other landscape characteristics. The drainage areas are nested within each other so that a large drainage area, such as the Upper Mississippi River, will be composed of multiple smaller drainage areas, such as the Wisconsin River. Each of these smaller areas can further be subdivided into smaller and smaller drainage areas. The WBD uses six different levels in this hierarchy, with the smallest averaging about 30,000 acres. The WBD is made up of polygons nested into six levels of data respectively defined by Regions, Subregions, Basins, Subbasins, Watersheds, and Subwatersheds. For additional information on the WBD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/wbd.html. The USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) service is a companion dataset to the WBD. The NHD is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD is available nationwide in two seamless datasets, one based on 1:24,000-scale maps and referred to as high resolution NHD, and the other based on 1:100,000-scale maps and referred to as medium resolution NHD. Additional selected areas in the United States are available based on larger scales, such as 1:5,000-scale or greater, and referred to as local resolution NHD. For more information on the NHD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/index.html. Hydrography data from The National Map supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. Hydrography data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, structures, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain WBD and NHD data in either Esri File or Personal Geodatabase, or Shapefile formats.Homepage for the U.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior, serving as portal to all USGS information with search options, USGS in the news, most frequently requested topics, and access to major categories of USGS information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Historical gold mining has left this area susceptible to mercury contamination. Elevated concentrations of mercury in the fish are well documented here.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 4 towboard surveys (7.2872 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island during the NW Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise TC0207 from 8 September - 7 October 2002. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Temperature profile and current speed/direction data were collected using ADCP, XBT, buoy, and CTD casts in the Northwest Pacific Ocean from 01 March 1989 to 01 June 1995. Data were submitted by the National Oceangraphic Data Center (NODC).Interactive Mapping Service (IMS) is an Internet based Geographic Information System designed to provide users with online mapping capability of habitats, land use and land cover, and seagrass for areas of Tampa Bay.The aims of WCRP is to facilitate analysis and prediction of Earth System variability and change for use in an increasing range of practical applications of direct relevance, benefit and value to societyThe Texas Automated Buoy System contains daily oceanographic measurements from seven buoys off the Texas coast from Brownsville to Sabine. The Texas General Land Office supports this system as part of its mission to mitigate the effect of catastrophic oil spills on the Texas Coast. Buoys communicate surface currents and water temperature measured at 2m depths in near real time via cell phone and commercial satellite digital data links. Data are available within a few hours of collection, but gaps in the data may occur.CSV on the Web Working Group Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Charmouth Heritage Coast CentreTutorial on geospatial semantics with hands-on exercises using standard Web browsers, divided into two sections, general semantics on the Web and specific examples of geospatial semantics using data from The Open Ontology Repository.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis georeferenced RGB image represents 2 meter resolution bathymetry of the southwest shore of Puerto Rico (La Parguera). NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico from 3/21/06 to 4/2/06. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and process NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE image surface based on swath angle. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This data layer is a Tassled Cap composite (brightness, greenness, wetness) seamless mosaic of ten Landsat Thematic Mapper scenes captured September - November 1999. The scenes have been contrast-balanced and color-matched to each other using PCIWorks V6.3.0.We estimated mean volumes of 13.4 trillion cubic feet of potential technically recoverable shale gas and 0.5 billion barrels of technically recoverable shale oil resources in this area using a performance-based geologic assessment methodology.Current activity of Mauna Loa Volcano with news, GPS data, electronic tiltmeter data, and current seismicity plus links to long term monitoring.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 1998-08-19; Survey End: 1998-08-19; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Data on presence and distribution of pesticides in surface and ground water of New York State.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Belt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 13 sites at Pearl and Hermes Atoll in the NW Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during 1 September - 4 October 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0611) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Information from climate model forecasts, projections of future flows, paleoclimatic indicators, timing of snowmelt, airborne dust, and the effects on vegetation of troublesome pest species indicate the nature and severity of problems looming.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Ecotox Program is at the forefront, nationally and internationally, of targeted research to characterize the impacts of petroleum hydrocarbons on NOAA trust resources, particularly fish early life stages. This work is extending lessons learned from the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska, through the Cosco Busan spill in San Francisco Bay, to an array of current and intensive activities associated with the Deepwater Horizon natural resource damage assessment in the Gulf of Mexico. This research has been particularly influential in recent years (PNAS papers in 2011 and 2012), with major Deepwater papers forthcoming in 2012 and 2013. Funding has come from NOS/ORR, the Oiled Wildlife Care Network, the Prince William Sound Regional Citizen's Advisory Council, the San Francisco Estuary Institute, and other sources. Ecotox is currently developing new tools to assess PAH exposure and toxicity in fish and other animals, with national applicability - e.g., in advance of anticipated oil drilling in the Arctic, beginning in the summer of 2012. 3 year study of effects of the Cosco Busan oil spill. Morphology, heart rate, hatching rate data of Pacific herring planted at oil and reference sites and correlating herring spawns at these sites.Description of magnetic models with link to on-line calculation, freeware calculator (DOS and Windows), descriptions of model types, and references.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during September 2012.Web-based software system allowing scientific data to be made available with proper documentation to potential users.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, USA within UTM Zone 2. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 5000 meters. The netCDF includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM1002, Simrad EM120, Simrad EM300, and Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The netCDF grid also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.National Park Service unit boundaries.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on fireThe Office of the National Geodetic Survey has produced a series of high-resolution gravimetric geoid models, hybrid geoid models, and associated deflection of the vertical products for the United States. The gravimetric geoid models are referred to the Geodetic Reference System of 1980 (GRS80), situated in the most recent IGS reference frame . The hybrid geoid models and associated deflection of the vertical models refer to the NAD 83 datum, and are used as a transformation between NAD 83 and NAVD 88. Major geoid products were released in 1990, 1993, 1996, 1999, 2003, 2006, 2009, and 2012. Each release represents an improvement in accuracy over the previous models but, more specifically, represents an improved tie to the spatial reference information existing on bench marks archived in the NGS database at the time they were generated. Hence, NAD 83 and NAVD 88 coordinate information collected and processed in 2003 are consistent with the GEOID03 model. Whereas recently collected data are more consistent with GEOID12A. The newest (2012) products are (1) USGG2012, a gravimetric geoid model, (2) GEOID12A, a hybrid geoid model. A GEOID12 model existed briefly but was replaced with GEOID12A when defects were found in control data used to determine GEOID12. These were fixed and a GEOID12A model released. USGG2012 converts between IGS08 (2005.0) and a geopotential surface built upon the underlying EGM2008 (separate product developed by NGA) reference geoid height model for all regions (conterminous US (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico/Virgin Islands, Guam & the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), and American Samoa). GEOID12A converts between NAD 83 (2011.0) and NAVD 88 for CONUS and Alaska only, between NAD 83 (PA11) and the local vertical datums in Hawaii, and American Samoa, and NAD 83 (MA11) and the local vertical datums in Guam and CNMI. Within CONUS, most users should use GEOID12A. It is constructed specifically to relate GPS ellipsoid heights in the NAD 83 datum (epoch 2011.0) and orthometric heights in the NAVD 88 datum including those in the Gulf Coast Subsidence Regions where Vertical Time Dependent Positioning is employed to determine NAVD 88 heights. These are the datums used in many maps and charts, and most applications require that consistency. GEOID12A also exists for Alaska to provide a transformation between NAD 83 and NAVD 88 - where it is available. NAVD 88 coverage in Alaska is not complete and may not be suitable for all regions. For some scientific applications, use of USGG2012 is appropriate (for water flow and height transfer). However, NAVD 88 remains the official vertical datum approved for use in charting and surveying. No NAVD 88 coverage exists in Hawaii, so GEOID12A converts between the same geopotential surface determined for USGG2012 and NAD 83 (PA11).Guam, CNMI, American Samoa, Puerto Rico (PR), and the U.S. Virgin Islands (VI) all have their own separate vertical datums distinct from NAVD 88. GEOID12A converts between the appropriate local version of NAD 83 and the respective vertical datums for each of these regions. The GEOID12A product comprises eight files for the conterminous US, four files for Alaska, and one each for Hawaii, PR/VI, American Samoa, and Guam/CNMI. Single grids also are available for CONUS and Alaska. Each file contains geoid heights on a one minute by one minute grid in both big-endian and little-endian binary (PC compatible) formats. The INTG program is supplied at the download site to interpolate to a specific position within these grids. Another program, XNTG, is supplied to extract subsets and convert the grids between ASCII and binary. Both are in FORTRAN, are available compiled and as source code, and can byte-swap the grids if needed on a Unix platform. There is also an on-line geoid computational facility within the NGS Geodetic Tool Kit at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/TOOLS. Similar files, programs, and on-line computational facilities exist for USGG2012, USDOV2012 and DEFLEC12A99. USDOV2012 and DEFLEC12A are Deflection of the Vertical models that describe the angular difference between the normal (plumblines) to the ellipsoid and vertical datum. USDOV2012 was determined from USGG2012, while DEFLEC12A was determined from GEOID12A. Hence, USDOV2012 is in IGS08 (2005.0 ), and DEFLEC12A is in NAD 83 (2011/PA11/MA11). See the GEOID section of the NGS Web site at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GEOID. Geoid and deflection of the vertical models for Mexico and the Caribbean were computed in 1997 and are distributed as MEXICO97, DMEX97, CARIB97, and DCAR97 respectively. Note, however, these models are largely superseded by the GGM10 model developed by INEGI in Mexico. All geoid products covered here are considered valid inside the U.S. and its territories only. Geoid height values, especially for GEOID12A, are valid within national boundaries. Canada and Mexico are sovereign nations with their own national height systems. For other areas outside of the above models or other national interests, the EGM2008 model exists as a highly accurate global reference model. NGS also offers technical information concerning the construction of the geoid models and practical information concerning its use on the NGS web site at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GEOID. NGS also offers a workshop concerning GPS derived heights and the use of the geoid models to convert from GPS derived heights to orthometric heights (see http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/PC_PROD/WorkShops/).National Water Information System (NWIS) real-time data on selected ground water sites, ground water level data, site inventory of wells, test holes, drains, springs and excavations and ground water-quality data for the United States.Rare Bear Sightings by ParishSpecial handling must be used because these one-celled organisms break down easily if dried, and the scientific analysis is enhanced by identifying smaller specimens. Shows how they are sampled, prepared, and studied using optical and electon microscopy.This map consists of short-term (~50 years) shoreline change rates for the lower 48 states of the United States and Hawaii. Rate calculations were computed within a GIS using the Digital Shoreline Analysis System (DSAS) version 4.1, an ArcGIS extension developed by the U.S. Geological Survey. Short-term rates of shoreline change for the lower 48 states were calculated using an end-point rate method based on shorelines from 1970 or 1978 and 2000 to provide an approximately 30-yr short-term rate. Short-term rates of shoreline change for Hawaii were calculated using a weighted linear regression rate based on all available shoreline data between 1950 and 2008. A reference baseline was used as the originating point for the orthogonal transects cast by the DSAS software. The transects intersect each shoreline establishing measurement points, which are then used to calculate short-term rates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Brief review of studies with sidescan sonar on sediment in the Grand Canyon as part of research on the changes brought about by the Glen Canyon Dam and the results gathered from a 1996-controlled flood experiment with links to related information.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis shapefile covers the trails in the State of Minnesota Parks, Recreation Areas, and Waysides as designated through legislation and recognized by the Department of Natural Resources.The data contained in this file contain hydrographic and topographic data collected by the Fugro LADS Mk II system along the Lake Superior coast of Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan. FLI was contracted under Fugro Earth Data Inc (FEDI) by NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC) to collect data under the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. During standard bathymetric data collection digital imagery is collected for data verification. The specific images are georeferenced and joined into an overall mosaic. Digital Imagery was created on a tile by tile basis for all 91 tiles. This file is to be used for all Minnesota tiles, Wisconsin tiles and Michigan tiles 01-05This data set includes location and high-level project information provided to CH2MHILL Polar Services (www.polar.ch2m.com) by members of the US Interagency Arctic Research & Policy Committee. Information about fieldwork in the Arctic has been provided by the National Science Foundation, US Geological Survey, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. CH2MHILL compiled the information in the Arctic Research Logistics Support Service (ARLSS) database of scientific field research projects for the Arctic region (45 degrees North Latitude and above). The database encompasses all field research sites supported or coordinated through the Arctic Research Support and Logistics Program at the National Science Foundation (NSF). The majority of the research projects are funded by the Arctic Sciences Section (ARC) within NSF's Office of Polar Programs (OPP). The database does not include modeling projects that do not require field research. Each database record includes: investigator name, project title, year, funding agency, funding program, a link to an award description, and other information. The ARLSS database contains over 5000 sites, and is regularly updated. The database is publicly available in variety of formats to address the needs of different user communities. The data can be browsed via 2D and 3D interfaces online or accessed in Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) formats including a Web Map Service (WMS), Web Feature Service (WFS) and Keyhole Markup Language (KML). For details visit: http://armap.org/armap_services.aspxA seamless (bare-earth and submerged) elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of a portion of western Florida, post-Hurricane Charley, was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of +/-15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Ecosystems11/3/2014 - Updated Bismarck, Mandan, Minot, Stanley, and Watford City 7/16/14 - Corporate limits updated include: Mandan, Towner, Fargo, West Fargo, Grand Forks, Bismarck, Bowman, Watford City, Stanley, Tioga, Kenmare, Casselton, Minot, Carrington, Kindred, and Killdeer. The corporate limit updates consisted of receiving from the cities, shape files, CADD files, scanned images of annexations or by converting pdf files into images, rectifying them within ArcGIS, then heads-up digitizing. 7/29/13 - updated Stanley, Williston, Minot, and Bismarck 4/30/13 - updated Williston, Hazen, Minot, Dickinson, Valley City, Velva, Rugby, Bismarck, and Lincoln 1/28/13 - updated Valley City, Grand Forks, Bismarck, Williston, Jamestown, Harvey, Mohall, Park River, Ray, Rugby, Stanley, Tioga, Mayville and Glenfield 10/9/12 - updated Williston and Dickinson 6/20/12 - updated Williston via shapefile from city 3/20/12 - updated Bismarck and Minot 10/3/2011 - Edited corporate limits for Bottineau, Grand Forks, Bismarck, Grafton, Fargo, West Fargo, Horace, Dickinson, Williston, Valley City and Devils Lake. 2/4/11 - Removed urban areas so only corporate boundaries remain. Removed boolean field named URBAN_AREA. Updated corporate limist in Dickinson and cities with Cass county. 6/24/10 - Stanley, Lincoln, Oakes, Hankinson, Enderlin, Ellendale, Linton, Carrington, Minot, and Kulm corportate limits were changed 6/18/09 - Stanley, Wahpeton, Center, Watford City, Williston, Grand Forks, Killdeer, Beulah, Beach, Hazen, Garrison, Washburn, Bismarck and Lincoln corporate limits were changed 3/24/08 - Added Milton, Drayton, and Cavalier Boudaries updated: Park River 1/16/08 - Boundaries updated: Devils Lake, Glen Ullin, Langdon, Minnewaukan, Northwood, Thompson 2/13/07 - Boundaries updated: Amenia, Arthur, Bismarck, Bottineau, Buffalo, Casstleton, Davenport, Dickinson, Enderlin, Gardner, Grand Forks, Grandin, Harvey, Harvey, Hillsboro, Horace, Hunter, Jamestown, Kindred, Mapleton, Mayville, New Rockford, Oxbox, Page, Prairie Rose, Relies Acres, Tappen, Towner City 1/10/06 - Boundaries updated: Wishek, Fargo, Lincoln, Bottineau, Williston, Grand Forks, Granville, Velva, Stanley, urban areas in Fargo, West Fargo, Bismarck and Mandan. Deleted Larson This data came from the NDDOT's Mapping Section. The original data was digitized from hand scribed maps and registered to the 1:24000 USGS PLSS data. It was converted from a projection (NAD 1983 UTM Zone 14N) to a Geographic coordinate system.WMSOffi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThe California Pesticide Use Report data contains very detailed information across space and time. It is summarized by the following categories: 1) Individual pesticide chemical or groups of chemicals or all chemicals 2) Individual application site(crop) or group of sites(crops) or all sites(crops) 3) Individual county or all counties 4) Multiple years start from year 1991 to year 2009, and it is continuously updated 5) Measures of pesticide usage by Gross Pounds, or pesticide application intensity by Application Rate (Pounds per Acre Treated), or by Acre Treated.N/AWMSPennsylvania digital data for watershed boundaries, county geology, and flood mapping in Arc/Info format compressed with gzip utility for downloading plus links to other sources of data.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 9 sites at Guam in September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES03-07). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.34(a)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Seasonal and area closures designed to protect Gulf reef fish, Closure provisions applicable to the seasonal closure of the recreational sector for shallow-water grouper (SWG) as of 1/3/14.Imnavait field campaign data from April 2009.WMSBritish School at AthensThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Manuals and instructions for observing the weather and recording observations. Includes the Weather Bureau Circulars published from 1889 through the 1950s, and the Federal Meteorological Handbook series that followed.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Newly discovered candidate cave entrances into Martian near-surface lava tubes, volcano-tectonic fracture systems, and pit craters and describes their characteristics and exploration possibilities.Digital Collections - National Library of Medicine SearchEstimates of change in major types of land use and land cover from 1973 to 2000 should help model potential future change as climate, population, public policy, and technology change.XG Provenance Wiki (en)Temperature profile data were collected using XBT casts from multiple cruises in the Southern Ocean, Indian Ocean, and Pacific Ocean from 17 September 1999 to 26 January 2000. Data were collected and submitted by University of Washington with support from the NOAA Shipboard Environmental Data Acquisition System Program (SEAS).Location, type, mineralogy, name, tonnage and grade, and geological setting for 120 deposits of this type. The US has no active nickel mines or nickel reserves.The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) Hazardous Material Routes (NTAD 2014) were developed using the 2004 First Edition TIGER/Line files. The routes are described in the National Hazardous Material Route Registry (NMHRR). The on-line NMHRR linkage is http://hazmat.fmcsa.dot.gov/nhmrr/index.asp With the exception of 13 features that were not identified with the Tiger/Lines, Hazmat routes were created by extracting the TIGER/Line segments that corresponded to each individual route. Hazmat routes in the NTAD, are organized into 3 database files, hazmat.shp, hmroutes.dbf, and hmstcnty.dbf. Each record in each database represents a unique Tiger/Line segment. These Tiger/Line segments are grouped into routes identified as character strings in the ROUTE_ID field in the hmroutes.dbf table. The route name appearing in the ROUTE_ID is assigned by FMCSA and is unique for each State [this sentence could be deleted - it doesn't add a lot to it]. The hmstcnty.dbf table allows the user to select routes by State and County. A single shapefile, called hazmat.shp, represents geometry for all routes in the United States.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 2x2 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Dr. Christopher Jenkins of the University of Colorado Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR), produced this data hypercube derived from the prime data (exclusive of G.R.A.P.E. and logging data) of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP). The Deep-Sea Drilling Project legacy data on the lithologies and physical properties of core recoveries is reprocessed into a uniformly formatted, integrated dataset which can be worked on in a wide range of software applications for query, analysis, mapping and visualization. The goal is to create a dataset which is able to be used efficiently across many science disciplines, especially in the fields of global change, ocean management and earth sciences research. The hypercube data model allows scientists and others to easily comprehend and work with the data layout and content. The integration has employed methods of standardization, linguistic parsing, error trapping, uncertainty analysis, and presentation that have developed and been validated over a decade of use in dbSEABED, for marine ecology, resources, engineering, research and survey. Nevertheless integration of the DSDP dataset has been challenging, not all the DSDP data could be treated successfully.Description and uses of the Ocean Bottom Seismometer; a self contained data-acquisition system which free falls to the ocean floor and records seismic data generated by airguns and earthquakes.Search pri.orgData available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. The subject file represents Civil Divisions 2000 for the State of Arkansas. It is a registered trademark of the Bureau of the Census and an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. Files for the Island Areas are not included. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. They do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing these files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries.Even a casual, untrained observer will see evidence that opposing forces have formed the Hawaiian Islands. The massive and lofty volcanoes have been scoured, abraded, and lacerated by streams and the sea. On the oldestislands (in the northwest) the volcanic mountains have been eroded and deeply cut by canyons. Even farther north are coral reefs and atolls--all that remain of former islands. This slide set examines volcanic features and their erosion by waves, glaciers, streams, and storms. The images include dramatic examples of Hawaii's unique geology. The Erosional and Depositional Geology of the Hawaiian Islands. Even a casual, untrained observer will see evidence that opposing forces have formed the Hawaiian Islands. The massive and lofty volcanoes have been scoured, abraded, and lacerated by streams and the sea. The early Hawaiians themselves recognized this conflict between the volcanoes that built the islands and the forces that eroded them. The people created stories about two goddess sisters: Pele and Na Maka O Kaha'i. Pele, the goddess of fire was depicted as always building a new home for herself ( volcano). Na Kaka O Kaha'i, the evil goddess of the sea, continually hunted out Pele and attempted to destroy her home. This is an apt description of the geology of the islands. On the oldest islands (in the northwest), the volcanic mountains have been eroded and deeply cut by canyons. Even further north are coral reefs and atolls all that remain of former islands. The older islands show evidence of a resurgence of volcanism. The myths attribute this to Pele's attempt to fight back against the force of water that sought to destroy her homes. Scientists believe that continents and ocean basins drift, or move slowly, relative to eachother and to Earth's hot interior. The Pacific Ocean floor is drifting to the northwest over a hot spot the source of the molten material which is building the volcanic islands. While olderislands erode, new islands form to the southeast as new sections of the ocean floor move over thehot spot. On these islands, the geological features are on a grand scale. On the Big IslandHawaii), Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea rise from the ocean depths of 5,486 m (18,000 ft) to a maximum elevation above sea level of nearly 4,267 m (14,000 ft). They are among the tallest mountain masses on Earth. The islands are characterized by cliffs, or palis, some of which may have originated as the subaerial scars above giant submarine landslides. These cliffs are striking and steep, and deeply grooved as though Na MaKa O Kaha'i herself had attempted to draw more land into the sea with her long fingernails. As a new Hawaiian volcano was born on the ocean floor, pillow lava and a rubble of fragmented lava formed the submarine portion of the future island. When the volcano finally emerged above the sea, the submarine rubble and debris were covered by solid layers of lava flows. The weight of these layers pressed on the underlying weak debris. As the huge shield volcano settled under its own weight, cracks opened that permitted magma to intrude laterally and reach the surface on the flanks of the shield. Some of the cracks became planes of weakness in the underlying rubble, allowing the volcanic slopes to slide massively down and out onto the deep floor. On the emergent part of the volcano, lava flows continued to build the island, while the forces of erosion, waves, wind, rain, freshwater streams, landslides, and even glaciers carved the land and delivered sediment to the sea. Some of the larger valleys and canyons have eroded where streams took advantage of weak zones in faulted bedrock. Hawaii's beaches have many colors of sand. White sand, the most abundant, is of marine origin, derived from skeletal fragments of shallow-water marine organisms. Dark-gray detrital sand is eroded basalt, deposited mainly by streams, but also by waves. Tan sand is a mixture of the white and gray. Green sand is created as waves attack olivine-bearing cinder and tuff. Black sand commonly forms when hot lava enters the cooler ocean, fragments, and is deposited on the beach. All these features combine to give the islands of Hawaii a unique and incomparable beauty.IACETDoxygen SearchNortek 600kHz Aquadopp acoustic current profilers were deployed between March 2010 and April 2011 on shallow water moorings located in Vieques Sound, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Passage USVI. The recovered current velocity, bottom pressure, and bottom temperature time-series data are presented here in an ACII format.Search the Mozilla Support Knowledge Base and Support Forum.The 6-second Northern California Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 6-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Transit Future Search Transit Future - A more livable, economically competitive, and environmentally sustainable region needs a public transportation system that works for everyone.Geology of HawaiiThe Q3 Flood Data product is a digital representation of certain features of FEMA's Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM) product, intended for use with desktop mapping and Geographic Information Systems technology. Digital Q3 Flood Data has been developed by scanning the existing FIRM hardcopy, vectorizing a thematic overlay of flood risks. The vector Q3 Flood Data files contain only certain features from the existing FIRM hardcopy.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP) acquires imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of digital orthophotography within a year of acquisition. This status map provides imagery acquisition status, imagery inspection status, NAIP planned coverage for the year, band type, contractors acquiring the imagery, camera types, and flight seasons. Attribute information for individual layers in the map can be accessed by turning the layer on and clicking on the map.USGS water resources home page for Montana with links to detailed hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, floods, and water quality plus publications and district information.During this exploration, the first comprehensive high-resolution multi-beam sonar and seismic reflection survey of the Northern San Andreas Fault (NSAF) was completed. When combined, data from these two complementary geophysical surveys will provide an unprecedented high-resolution 3D visualization of the fault system. In addition, digital photographs and photomosaics obtained with a hovering autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) will provide the collaborative team of geologists and biologists with direct observation of the seafloor and associated biological communities at selected sites. Mapping and imaging the NSAF at geo-referenced spatial scales from kilometers to meters will support ongoing studies and discoveries on the nature of the NSAF and contribute to the assessment of marine habitats in the California Current Ecosystem. Finally, the exploration provides a case study and outreach opportunity for conducting a green oceanographic research project.The AUV imagery data from this project is archived with the AUV group at the NWFSC. The seafloor mapping data from this project is archived at Oregon State University in the Active Tectonics and Seafloor Mapping Lab, http://activetectonics.coas.oregonstate.edu/ Optical Information collected by the SeaBED Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV)This data set contains analytical data from samples acquired from the Northwestern Gulf of Mexico area under contract to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) during 1978-1979. Individual contractors included researchers from Rice University, Moody College, and Texas A and M University. Most samples were taken from the R/V Gus III. The project was known as the "Buccaneer Oil Field" project. Caution: numerous errors found in this data set. LIST OF FILES: readme.txt (collection documentation), 03495004.cly.txt (clay mineralogy), 03495004.siz.txt (sediment size analysis), 03495004.sed.txt (surficial sediment), 03495004.tss.txt (trapped suspended sediment ), 03495004.sup.txt (suspended particulates).Answers to a wide variety of questions (FAQs) about earthquakes, such as dictionary of terms, earthquake activity and probabilities, common myths, faults, plate tectonics, and earthquake measurement techniques.WMSThis dataset consists of 0.3-meter pixel resolution (approximately 1-foot), natural color orthoimages covering 1/3 of the Minneapolis-St. Paul urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. [Note: this metadata record was reformatted at the Minnesota Geospatial Information Office from the record provided by USGS - several of the fields were changed to reflect MnGeo's seamless WMS data delivery]To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 4 towboard surveys (7.0579 km in length), were conducted at Necker Island during the NW Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise HI0611 from 1 September - 4 October 2006. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationTwo sheets of 3D images showing geologic features of many National Parks. Red-and-cyan viewing glasses are need to see the three-dimensional effect.Detailed information on Total Maximum Daily Load, the total quantity of a pollutant that a stream can carry and still conform to water quality standards, used as a measurement in the monitoring, assessment, and remediation of polluted waters.These data was generated to provide insight into traffic patterns on a macro scale so they could be analyzed across the coastal waters of the Continental United States. For this dataset a transit is counted for every unique vessel intersecting a 1 kilometer square grid cell each day. This data represents the total number of vessel transits from October 2009 - October 2010. There were some grid cells which were unable to be processed, but we do not believe this interferes with the integrity of this dataset. Please note multiple connection errors occurred during the time frame of this study. In most cases data gaps were filled by making subsequent request to the coastguard or other groups receiving the same data feed. However, due to resource constraints uninterrupted coverage was not obtained. Overall data outages were minimal on the order less than a day per month and because random and affect all areas uniformly do not has a significant effect on the integrity of the data. Also as stated on the USCG NAIS website AIS data is not representative of all vessel traffic and USCG NAIS receivers do not fully cover the entire extent of this study area. Please take time to understand both of these limitations.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. A Digital Elevation Model (DEM), consists of a sampled array of elevations for ground positions that are normally at regularly spaced intervals. The 1-Degree DEM (3- by 3-arc-second data spacing) provides coverage in 1- by 1-degree blocks for all of the contiguous United States, Hawaii, and limited portions of Alaska. The basic elevation model is produced by or for the Defense Mapping Agency (DMA), but is distributed by the USGS, EROS Data Center, in the DEM data record format. In reformatting the product the USGS does not change the basic elevation information. 1-degree DEM's are also referred to as """"""""""""""""3-arc second"""""""""""""""" or """"""""""""""""1:250,000 scale"""""""""""""""" DEM data. Elevations are in meters relative to National Geodetic Vertical Datum of 1929 (NGVD 29) in the continental U.S. and local mean sea level in Hawaii.Fly-by and circulation movies, effluent concentration, tidal flushing, sea level, and temperature in Massachusetts Bay and Boston HarborBrief description of project for the Federal Emergency Management Agency to prepare and modify Flood Insurance Rate Maps based on flood frequency analysis, ground surveys, and flood profiles in Virginia.This data depicts the social vulnerability of Oregon census block groups to environmental hazards. Data were culled primarily from the 2000 Decennial Census.Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 12 sites at Rose Atoll in American Samoa in February, 2004 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES04-02). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes, and visual estimation of percent cover. Either 0.5m or 1m on each side of the transect lines were included in the belt (for a total of 50m2 or 100m2 per site), depending on colony density.WMSC3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consumer Financial Protection BureauThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ALA Institutional Repository ALA Institutional Repository DSpace repositoryEarth topography five minute grid (ETOPO5) is a gridded data base of worldwide elevations derived from several sources at a resolution of 5 minutes of latitude and longitude. Data are also available for on-line searching through the NGDC server at URL http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/global/global.html. ETOPO5 is also available on CD-ROM, and a number of derived products are available from NGDC.Search the current edition of the CatalogWMSWMSOver one million images of National Coast & Geodetic Survey (now NOAA's National Geodetic Survey/NGS) forms captured from microfiche. Tabular forms and charts document tidal means and extremes, benchmarks, tabulations and compared readings. Period of record is 1822-1994. Scanned under the Climate Database Modernization Program.Airborne gravity data for North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and the Atlantic Ocean collected in 2013 and 2014 over two surveys. This data set is part of the Gravity for the Re-definition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) project initiated by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey to collect and monitor gravity data suitable for the re-definition of the vertical datum for at least the United States and territories. The data is available at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GRAV-D/data_es04.shtml in ASCII text format.Following annual ship shakedown and patch tests, EX1301 will complete the comprehensive mapping of the Northeast canyons and the adjacent continental shelf carried out by the cruises involved in the Atlantic Canyons Undersea Mapping Expeditions (ACUMEN) 2012 project.This is a map service that is geared towards the dissemination of large datasets, particularly LiDAR elevation data collects. Data can be downloaded by selections of tiles using individual, box graphic, polygon graphic, or by GIS polygon features. Currently contains LiDAR collects for the Red River Valley (2009), Maple River (2003), Sheyenne River (2002), and Bismarck/Mandan (2009).GIS application for assessing, mapping, and quantifying the social value of ecosystem services. Helps decision makers consider tradeoffs among them with the human attitudes and preferences that express underlying social values.MOPITT_DayN/AHomepage describing The National Map, which will produce a seamless, continuously maintained set of public domain geographic base information, with links to map viewer, pilot projects, reports, fact sheets, and national atlas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Ocean Service (NOS) initiated a coral reef research program in 1999 to map, assess, inventory, and monitor U.S. coral reef ecosystems. These activities were implemented in response to requirements outlined in the Mapping Implementation Plan developed by the Mapping and Information Synthesis Working Group (MISWG) of the Coral Reef Task Force (CRTF). As part of the MISWG of the CRTF, NOS's Biogeography Team has been charged with the development and implementation of a plan to produce comprehensive digital coral-reef ecosystem maps for all U.S. States, Territories, and Commonwealths within five to seven years. Joint activities between Federal agencies are particularly important to map, research, monitor, manage, and restore coral reef ecosystems. In response to the Executive Order 13089, NOS is conducting research to digitally map biotic resources and coordinate a long-term monitoring program that can detect and predict change in U.S. coral reefs, and their associated habitats and biological communities. Most U.S. coral reef resources have not been digitally mapped at a scale or resolution sufficient for assessment, monitoring, and/or research to support resource management. Thus, a large portion of NOS' coral reef research activities have focused on mapping of U.S. coral reef ecosystems. The map products will provide the fundamental spatial organizing framework to implement and integrate research programs and provide the capability to effectively communicate information and results to coral reef ecosystem managers. Although the NOS coral program is relatively young, it has had tremendous success in advancing towards the goal to protect, conserve, and enhance the health of U.S. coral reef ecosystems. One objective of the program was to create benthic habitat maps to support coral reef research to enable development of products that support management needs and questions. Therefore this product was developed in collaboration with many Hawaiian partners, including Hawaii's Department of Land and Natural Resources, a leading coral reef management agency. An initial step in producing benthic habitat maps is the development of a habitat classification scheme. This dataset focuses on the in situ data used to ground truth the mapping efforts on the main Hawaiian Islands: Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, Kauai, and Niihau.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Global emissions of gases (ozone precursors) from anthropogenic, natural, and biomass burning sources have been estimated for the period 1990-2000.N/AA hydrodynamic model for Weeks Bay was developed using the Environmental Fluid Dynamic Code (EFDC). The computational grid was created using GEFDC (a mesh generator for EFDC) and NOAAs coastline and bathymetric data.WMSWMSThe search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemInformation on USGS studies of Chesapeake Bay, the nation's largest estuary, concerned with water quality, ecosystem history and change, vital habitat and biological resources, and land use studies.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.NAMICWeb (en)Pydap 3.2 documentation Search Pydap 3.2 documentationBorehole temperature measurements in West VirginiaA compendium of previously published databases and database records that describe PGE, nickel, and chromium deposits and occurrences.USGS Publications Warehouse Search The Pubs Warehouse provides access to over 130,000 publications written by USGS scientists over the century-plus history of the bureauUSGS water resources home page for Nevada with links to detailed hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, droughts, and water quality plus district and publications information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Collection of shrimp bycatch and effort data by the Gulf and South Atlantic Foundation. Part of the shrimp observer program dataset.WFS Service for RGIS dataset BIRTH PLACE Persons by Place of Birth and Citizenship COS 2000 (5c325207-841a-40d3-8754-56d526de548a)WFS Service for RGIS dataset Eddy County 2010 Census Block Groups (64269684-9ae3-4ebc-ad82-82453008d81e)Airborne scanning laser surveys (LIDAR) are used to obtaining data to investigate the magnitude and causes of coastal changes that occur during severe storms. Links to examples of coastal mapping during specific hurricanes.This report is an online version of Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology (NBMG) Map 167, Quaternary Faults in Nevada, published in 2008. Map 167 is available on the NBMG website Publication Sales page or the direct publication page, and is an updated depiction of data from the U.S. Geological Survey s Quaternary Fault and Fold Database for the United States (available at: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/regional/qfaults). Updates came primarily from geological maps published by the Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology and numerous geotechnical consulting reports. Mapped faults are shown as solid lines on Map 167, whereas faults that are inferred are shown as dashed lines. However, many Quaternary faults remain undetected and unmapped, especially in alluvial valleys where they are covered by young sediments, in the mountains where a lack of young sediments makes determination of a Quaternary age difficult, deep in the Earth where detection relies on seismology and other remote sensing techniques, and in areas that have not yet been studied.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geochemical analyses of rocks, mineral separates, lake and stream sediment bulk samples, heavy-mineral concentrates, and soils collected by USGS in Alaska from 1962 through 2009.Essential fish habitat (EFH) for Gulf of Mexico Red Drum consists of the following waters and substrate areas in the Gulf of Mexico: all estuaries; Vermilion Bay, Louisiana, to the eastern edge of Mobile Bay, Alabama, out to depths of 25 fathoms; Crystal River, Florida, to Naples, Florida, between depths of 5 and 10 fathoms; and Cape Sable, Florida, to the boundary between the areas covered by the GMFMC and the South Atlantic Fishery Management Council (SAFMC) between depths of 5 and 10 fathoms. Essential fish habitat (EFH) consists of areas of higher species density, based on the NOAA Atlas (NOAA 1985) and the functional relationships analysis in the EIS (GMFMC 2004).Tunnels in the United States According to the HSIP Tiger Team Report, a tunnel is defined as a linear underground passageway open at both ends. This dataset is based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's National Bridge Inventory (NBI). Records in the NBI that are attributed as "Tunnels" were extracted by TGS and were located using a combination of ortho imagery, topographic DRGs, NAVTEQ streets, and NAVTEQ railroads. Two points were captured for each tunnel, one at each tunnel opening. A line was then created either by tracing the NAVTEQ street / railroad, or, if there was not a NAVTEQ street / railroad coincident with the tunnel, then by a straight line joining the two points. For some tunnels, the NBI contains two records, one for the road through the tunnel and one for the road on top of the tunnel (if any). In these cases, both have been captured in this dataset. Features in this dataset that are over tunnels have a [RECTYPE] of "1", while features that are in tunnels have a [RECTYPE] of "2". Presumably, this was done because both roads could be blocked if the tunnel was destroyed. In some cases, the NBI only represented a tunnel with a record of type = "1" (over). In these cases, the following rules were applied: 1) If there was no road running through the tunnel, the road on top of the tunnel was captured. For example, if a mine conveyor runs through the tunnel and a county highway runs on top of the tunnel, the county highway was captured. 2) If a road ran through the tunnel, then this road was captured and the [RECTYPE] was changed to "2". The "feature carried" and "feature intersected" fields were also changed to be consistent with the feature actually captured. According to the U.S. DOT: "Our reporting requirements do not extend to tunnels, therefore, any info we have should be considered incomplete."The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Agriculture Handbook Number 703 (Renard et al.,1997). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall ersoivity are called isoerodents. The iserodents plotted on a map of the Island of Kauai were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 30 meter resolution in UTM, Zone 4, GRS80, NAD83.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.35(b)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Gear restricted areas, Seasonal prohibitions applicable to bottom longline fishing for Gulf reef fish, as of 07/01/13.The International Hydrographic Organization is an intergovernmental consultative and technical organization that was established in 1921 to support safety of navigation and the protection of the marine environment.Publication (PDF format) in three parts on the biostratigraphy and lithostratigraphy of the Ibexian Series in the North American Ordovician, with sections on the southern Egan Range, Nevada and the biostratigraphy of the eastern Great Basin.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationAnnotated bibliography describing the use of electromagnetic surveying to understand the characteristics of aquifers and how they work.Guidelines for correct tsunami response and community preparedness from local emergency managers, first-responders, and leading experts on tsunami hazards and warnings.Geological research of the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary sea floor are presented in the form of maps, posters, fact sheets, sonar images, and bottom photographs.U.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior - The annual Geographic Names acquisition plan is to collect geographic name data over the United States and its territories through the Board on Geographic Names processes. The U.S. Board on Geographic Names is a Federal body created in 1890 and established in its present form by Public Law in 1947 to maintain uniform geographic name usage throughout the Federal Government. The Board comprises representatives of Federal agencies concerned with geographic information, population, ecology, and management of public lands. Sharing its responsibilities with the Secretary of the Interior, the Board promulgates official geographic feature names with locative attributes as well as principles, policies, and procedures governing the use of domestic names, foreign names, Antarctic names, and undersea feature names. The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS), developed by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) in cooperation with the U.S. Board on Geographic Names (BGN), contains information about the official names for places, features, and areas in the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the territories and outlying areas of the United States, including Antarctica.The Board of Geographic Names maintains working relationships with State names authorities to cooperate in achieving the standardization of geographic names. GNIS is the geographic names component of The National Map. Interested parties who wish to become a data acquisition partner with the USGS in FY15 or in future years should contact a USGS Geospatial Liaison - http://liaisons.usgs.gov/geospatial/documents/TNM_Partnership_User_ContactList.pdf.Community Health Maps Search Community Health Maps - Information on Low Cost Mapping Tools for Community-based OrganizationsCoral Reef Ecosytem Division (CRED) Fish Stock Data from Rapid Ecological Assessments (REAs)powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationUnderstanding the processes that regulate early marine survival of salmon is a major goal of the Global Ocean Ecosystems Dynamics (GLOBEC) Northeast Pacific (NEP) program. Faster growth and larger body size are generally associated with higher marine survival for most species of juvenile salmon, which experience relatively high mortality rates during early marine life. The interaction between the temporal-spatial distribution of juvenile salmon, growth performance, environmental conditions, and stage-specific survival are critical to understanding how physical and biological factors contribute to production and survival, and influence the mechanisms, magnitude, location, and timing of marine mortality. The northern Coastal Gulf of Alaska (CGOA) is a highly productive, down-welling based system where freshwater runoff and winds dominate the physical processes on the shelf. The physical environment changes at different spatial and temporal scales, which is believed to influence inter-annual variability in distribution, feeding, growth, and survival of juvenile salmon. Pink salmon are the upper trophic level target species of GLOBEC, however, the overarching programmatic goal is to enhance our understanding of the processes driving the physical structure and biological productivity of the highly dynamic CGOA system.The Gridded Satellite Data from the International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project (ISCCP) B1 (or GridSat-B1) provides a uniform set of quality-controlled satellite observations for the visible, infrared window and infrared water vapor channels during the time period of record of the ISCCP B1 dataset. This global Fundamental Climate Data Record (FCDR) provides equal-angle gridded uniform observations of brightness temperatures every 3 hours from 1980 to the present. The ISCCP B1 data have been quality controlled, calibrated, remapped and merged together to provide a nearly global coverage of top of the atmosphere radiances. Long-term temporal normalization is performed via calibration against HIRS channel 12 data during the GridSat period of record. The GridSat IR window channel data has received more extensive inter-satellite calibration than the other channels and is the only variable noted as a CDR by the NOAA CDR Program (other variables such as visible and infrared water vapor data are not yet at NOAA CDR quality). GridSat data are provided in an equal angle map projection, which facilitates the mapping and subsetting of the data. Since the ISCCP B1 native resolution is approximately 8km, the resolution of the equal area grid is 0.07 degrees latitude (approximately 8km at the Equator). The data span the globe in longitude and range from 70 degrees South to 70 degrees North. Areas of satellite overlap are retained by storing data in layers. Data are stored using netCDF-4 file format following the Climate and Forecast (CF) Conventions and Attribute Convention for Dataset Discovery (ACDD) which facilitate usage with compatible software applications. Channel primary layers (nadir-most observation) are written as 2-dimensional grids in the netCDF file, which facilitates processing of multiple files (e.g., aggregation of multiple times, etc.). Subsequent layers are written as either 2D grids or staggered arrays (1-dimensional arrays that only record data when they exist), whichever is more efficient. The IR data have been applied to tropical cyclones, the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), global and regional precipitation monitoring, diurnal variation and outgoing longwave radiation. CDR documentation and source code for the product is included in the data submission. In short, GridSat version 2 differs from version 1 in the following ways: a) 3 channels are now provided instead of just one, b) more quality control on the calibration, navigation and flagging of bad data and c) extension of the period of record.GIS data files containing approximate boundaries of the various USGS quadrangles, with names and indexing codes associated with each quadrangle.Free Software Directory (en)The University of Maryland Council on the Environment serves as an advisory group to the University of Maryland on research, education, outreach, and economic development as they relate to the environment, both globally and regionally.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesExplains the natural and human-affected factors that determine the concentration of contaminants in groundwater, especially where the concentration is different at the surface than at depth, and where pumping varies with time.Dataset shows measurements made by selected ship sensors on the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer during expeditions from 2008 to the present time. These cruises were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research. Measurements include ship's position and heading, wind speed and direction, air temperature, etc.Central site providing links to USGS databases and homepages providing significant data and information on research related to human health.The USGS structures downloadable data from The National Map consists of data to include the name, function, location, and other core information and characteristics of selected manmade facilities. The types of structures collected are largely determined by the needs of disaster planning and emergency response, and homeland security organizations. Structures data are designed to be used in general mapping and in the analysis of structure related activities using geographic information system technology. The National Map structures data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as elevation, boundaries, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. For additional information, go to http://nationalmap.gov/structures.html.HTML5 Apps Search HTML5 Apps -Short descriptions of a variety of ongoing USGS studies focused on water resources in Ohio.Goal 1: Improve understanding of salmon ocean ecology by integrating stock-specific distribution patterns over space and time with biological and environmental data. Goal 2: Integrate multiple disciplines to develop and apply new scientific technology to improve fisheries management strategies across geo-political boundaries. Goal 3: Improve economic opportunities for fishermen and coastal communities. The Oregon Salmon Commission, California Salmon Council, and Washington Trollers Association lead the Collaboration. Partners include Oregon Sea Grant, Community Seafood Initiative, Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, University of California Santa Cruz, Oregon State University, Oregon and Washington Departments of Fish and Wildlife, California and Idaho Departments of Fish and Game, National Marine Fisheries Service Northwest, and Southwest Fisheries Science Centers. Fishermen sample Chinook salmon at sea. Genetic Stock Identification (GSI) analysis is used to determine stock of origin. Scales are examined to determine age, and other biological and physical data are taken. The purpose is to develop Fishery information system with multiple goals. The target audience is the Pacific Fishery Management Council (PFMC) and Pacific Salmon Commission (PSC) Management, as well as fishermen, scientists, marketers, educators, and the general public. This is a stand-alone project, with one principal point of contact in NMFS. This project is ongoing. Chinook genetics for stock identificationA first-surface elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of a portion of western Florida, post-Hurricane Charley, was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of +/-15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavialable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands avialable for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.UniProt: Keywords Keywords used in UniProt.N/AOrganizational unit within USGS supporting acquisition and management of trusted geospatial data, products, and services needed for The National Map, the National Atlas, and related efforts.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, USA within UTM Zone 3. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 5200 meters. The netCDF includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of May 2009 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5200 meters. The netCDF grid also includes multibeam bathymetry from the SeaBeam 3012 phase 1 hybrid multibeam sonar system installed on the R/V Kaimikai-o-Kanaloa provided by the Hawaii Undersea Research Laboaratory for this data synthesis. The netCDF grid also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.The IPCD in 2014 now also represents locations, that share multiple mode transit choices, as only a single point (NTAD 2014).The IPCD data covers the following types of passenger transportation terminals:  Scheduled Airline Service Airports.  Intercity bus stations (includes stations served by regular scheduled intercity bus service such as Greyhound and Trailways, code sharing buses such as "Amtrak Thruway" feeder buses, supplemental buses that provide additional frequencies along rail routes, and airport bus services from locations that are outside of the airport Metropolitan Area.  Intercity and transit ferry terminals.  Light rail transit stations.  Heavy rail transit stations.  Passenger rail stations on the national rail network serving both commuter rail and intercity rail services.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Homepage for programs of the Center for Coastal Geology on hurricanes and extreme storms with links to technology, related aerial photography, hurricanes, El Nino, northeasters, and specific storms.As of January 1, 2013, the dataset contains phenology data on 591 species of plants and animals, with 7,512 locations registered across the United States. Protocols used are documented in Denny et. al., Submitted (contact nco@usanpn.org for more information). Data were collected using the phenophase status approach (Thomas et. al., 2010; Denny et. al. Submitted). Latitude and longitude given in WGS84 Datum. This is a suite of yearly data sets (Plants beginning in 2009, Animals beginning in 2010) each provided with and without full phenophase definitions.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The data included in the GIS Traffic Stations Version database have been collected by the FHWA from the State DOTs (NTAD 2014). Location referencing information was derived from State offices of Transportation The attributes on the point elements of the database are used by FHWA for its Travel Monitoring and Analysis System and by State DOTs. The attributes for these databases have been intentionally limited to location referencing attributes since the core station description attribute data are contained within the Station Description Tables (SDT). here is a separate Station Description Table (SDT) for each of the station types. The attributes in the Station Description Table correspond with the Station Description Record found in Chapter 6 of the latest Traffic Monitoring Guide. The SDT contains the most recent stations available for each state and station type. This table was derived from files provided UTCTR by FHWA. The Station Description Table can be linked to the station shapefile via the STNNKEY field. Some station where not located in the US, and were beyond available geographic extents causing display problems. These were moved to Lat and Long 0,0. This is in recognition that the locations of these stations where in error, but were moved to a less obtusive area.Search interface allowing searches of earthquake databases by various parameters including date, depth, intensity, area, and magnitude and download data in a variety of formats.WMSITIS is an easily accessible database with reliable information on species names and their hierarchical classification that is publicly accessible with unlimited free use. The database is reviewed periodically to ensure high quality with valid classifications, revisions, and additions of newly described species. The ITIS includes documented taxonomic information of flora and fauna from both aquatic and terrestrial habitats. For each scientific name, ITIS includes the authority, taxonomic rank, a unique taxonomic serial number, data source information, data quality indicators, and associated synonyms and vernacular names where available. Geographic coverage is worldwide, with an emphasis on North American taxa. The ITIS Web Services provide the ability to search and retrieve data from ITIS by providing access to the data behind the ITIS web site (http://www.itis.gov/web_service.html#). There is also web interface for viewing reports, and several options for text downloads. Each part of the basic WSDL web services is provided by a web service API, which defines the name, input to, and output from the service for a particular data request. For more information visit http://www.itis.gov/ws_description.html . To develop a web service client visit http://www.itis.gov/ws_develop.html .The USGS Inland Waters Interactive Map contains published GIS data layers and information from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), Coastal and Marine Geology Program (CMGP). The data layers presented here were collected as part of USGS field work from several different projects. Some of the projects were a cooperative with other researchers from several universities and agencies of the U.S. government who have been studying lake and river sediments. This research relates to a variety of human concerns, including water usage and sediment movement in river basins.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on oceanic ecosystemsERDDAP The ERDDAP at NOAA NMFS SWFSC Environmental Research Division is a data server that gives you a simple, consistent way to download subsets of scientific datasets in common file formats and make graphs and maps.Thirty year database of water-quality data, visual data displays, and project information on the San Francisco Bay directed towards following and understanding changes in the water quality of San Francisco Bay.The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Runoff Estimates for Small Rural Watersheds and Development of a Sound Design method. Volume II. (Fletcher et al., 1977). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall erosivity are called isoerodents. The isoerodents plotted on a map of the Island of Puerto Rico were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 30 meter resolution in UTM, Zone 20, GRS80, NAD83.Dual Credit Search Dual Credit - University of IdahoThe electric power generation potential from identified geothermal systems is 9,057 Megawattselectric (MWe), distributed over 13 states. Undiscovered resources are estimated to provide an additional 30,033 MWe.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Celebrating the 100th anniversary of the visit of `Abdu'l-Bah to New York CityWMSSearch the Mozilla Support Knowledge Base and Support Forum.The Environment Statistics Database contains selected water and waste statistics by country. Statistics on water and waste are based on official statistics supplied by national statistical offices and/or ministries of environment (or equivalent institutions) in countries in response to the biennial UNSD/UNEP Questionnaire on Environment Statistics. They were complemented by data on EU and OECD member and partner countries from OECD and Eurostat. Environment statistics is still in an early stage of development in many countries, and data are often sparse. The statistics selected here are those of relatively good quality and geographic coverage. The online database currently covers the years 1990, 1995 to 2009. For information on definitions, data quality and other important metadata, please check UNSD Environmental Indicator tables.Last update in UNdata: 19 Sep 2011Next update in UNdata: Jul 2013Links to metadata of South Florida research projects and to the webpage of the project.WMSN/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Research that helps the Nation understand these global changes and their impacts on society, resource availability, and economic development.This coverage includes arcs, polygons, and polygon labels that describe the generalized geologic age and type of surface outcrops of bedrock of Southeast Asia (Brunei, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Singapore, Solomon Islands and Vietnam; and portions of Australia, China and Taiwan). It also includes shorelines and inland water bodies.Fact sheet (PDF format) on amphibians in Olympic National Park and overview of the habitat, the decline in populations, and rare amphibians in the Pacific Northwest including the giant salamander and tailed frog.WMSThis dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of Isla De Mona, Puerto Rico. XYZ values are derived from a 10 m resolution gridding process. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 4/14/07 to 4/24/07. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 (95 kHz) multibeam echosounder. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x using an XYZ to raster tool. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpWMSPersonal Genome Project Blog Search Personal Genome Project Blog - News and updates about the Personal Genome ProjectThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Studies showing how human activities affect environmental and ecological health and how the quality of our environment and wildlife affects human health.This dataset contains a line shapefile showing the trackline of various Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video transects in the US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a Phantom S2 ROV operated by NOAA's National Undersea Research Program (NURP) and georeferenced and visually interpreted by CCMA employees. Data is in UTM zone 20N, datum WGS84.HI No: HI 1355; IPR Holder: INIS Hydro; Purpose: Safety of navigation; Category: Order 1a; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2012-10-11; Survey End: 2012-11-07; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: WADGPSSummary of an investigation of the Cascadia subduction zone with detailed density-modeling experiments of the crust and mantle along two transects across Vancouver Island and the Canadian margin and the other on the margin of central Oregon.N/AThis data set consists of digital data describing the submerged aquatic vegetation (seagrass) beds in the St. Andrew Bay of Florida in 1992. The data set includes 11 7.5' quadrangles, which were digitized at the Mid-Continent Ecological Science Center from 1:24,000 scale hard copy maps developed by the U.S. Geological Survey, National Wetlands Research Center. The seagrass beds were classified according to a U.S. Geological Survey, National Wetlands Research Center derived classification scheme based on the C-CAP Coastal Land Cover Classification system of NOAA Coastwatch Change Analysis Project.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This part of DS 781 presents data for the habitat map of the seafloor of the Offshore of Point Reyes map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Habitat_PointReyes.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshorePointReyes/data_catalog_OffshorePointReyes.html. Using multibeam echosounder (MBES) bathymetry and backscatter data, potential marine benthic habitat maps were constructed. The habitats were based on substrate types and documented or "ground truthed" using underwater video images and seafloor samples obtained by the USGS. These maps display various habitat types that range from flat, soft, unconsolidated sediment-covered seafloor to hard, deformed (folded), or highly rugose and differentially eroded bedrock exposures. Rugged, high-relief, rocky outcrops that have been eroded to form ledges and small caves are ideal habitat for rockfish (Sebastes spp.) and other bottom fish such as lingcod (Ophiodon elongatus). Habitat map is presented in a map format generated in a GIS (ArcMap), and both digital and hard-copy versions will be produced.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Location and characteristics of 123 sediment-hosted gold deposits worldwide.People who manage recreational areas need better, more timely estimates of the likelihood that the beach and lake waters will be hazardous to human health, and which factors cause those hazards.Geographic and scientific information focused on health issues in the area of the US-Mexico borderThe Highway Performance Monitoring System (HPMS) is a spreadsheet maintained by the VT Agency of Transportation (VTrans). The spreadsheet contains references to milemarkers for each section of state-aid highway, which were linked to the route system in layer RDS\\\\RDSRT (version 4/26/94) and converted to a line data layer. The HPMS spreadsheet was provided to VCGI on 10/11/93. HPMS consists of 'universe elements' (all records) and 'sample elements' for a subset of sample records. In the VTrans spreadsheets, the sample sections include more detailed information than for the universe elements. Only the information available for all universe elements is included with TransStats_HPMS93.This web map service (WMS) depicts estimates of mean values within selected habitats and parent material characteristics across GB were made using CS data using a mixed model approach. The estimated means of habitat/parent material combinations using 2007 data are modelled on dominant habitat and parent material characteristics derived from the Land Cover Map 2007 and Parent Material Model 2009, respectively. Areas, such as urban and littoral rock, are not sampled by CS and therefore have no associated data. Also, in some circumstances sample sizes for particular habitat/parent material combinations were insufficient to estimate mean values.BPI Zones are derived from gridded (40 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Zones was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 4 classes (crest, depression, slope, flat) in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Swains Island, American Samoa.General Interest Publication on the structure of the planet Earth including the crust, the mantle, and the core with drawings to scale on the cover and a table listing the thickness of the parts.This dataset represents the availability of wireline broadband Internet access in Rhode Island via "Cable Modem - Other" technology. Broadband availability is summarized at the census block level using the US Census Bureau's 2010 decennial census measurement areas. These data were compiled by Broadband Rhode Island (http://broadband.ri.gov) in support of the National Telecommunications and Infrastructure Administration (NTIA) State Broadband Initiative (http://www2.ntia.doc.gov/sbdd). Broadband is considered to be available within a census block if a facilities-based provider of broadband service currently serves at least one location within the block, or can provide broadband services of minimal characteristics to at least one location within the block within 7 - 10 business days. For each census block, the provider name and the respective technologies they provide are represented. In addition, general categories for maximum advertised upload and download speeds are also reported for most provider / technology type / census block combinations.Main page for the Arsenic studies group with links to arsenic related announcements, conferences, bibliography, workshops, and symposiums.This dataset contains two-dimensional precipitation and surface products from the NESDIS Microwave Integrated Retrieval System (MIRS) using sensor data from the Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder (ATMS) onboard the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (S-NPP) satellite. ATMS is a cross-track scanner with 22 channels in spectral bands from 23 GHz through 183 GHz. MIRS was developed by the NOAA/NESDIS Center for Satellite Application and Research (STAR) and is produced operationally at the NOAA/NESDIS Office of Satellite and Product Operations (OSPO). The precipitation and surface products file, or imaging (IMG) products file, contains total precipitable water (TPW), skin temperature, emissivity by channel, rain rate, cloud liquid water (CLW), rain water path (RWP), ice water path (IWP), liquid water path (LWP), sea ice concentration, snow water equivalent (SWE), snow cover extent, and surface type classification. Quality control metrics and flags defining retrieval product quality are also provided. Each product file encompasses one 32-second granule of data, corresponding to 4 scan lines of ATMS data. The products are distributed in netCDF-4 file format with metadata attributes included.Baseline (1961-1990) average air temperature (degree C) for Alaska and Western Canada. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS 3.1 data. Data courtesy of Scenarios Network for Alaska and Arctic Planning. The file names identifies whether a file represents an annual (i.e., annual) mean or a seasonal mean (i.e., summer or winter). Summer is defined as June - August; winter is defined as December - February.Search the Debian website.A compilation of information, including reports, bibliographies, and data, on all aspects oil toxicity relevant to birds and other wildlife.Description of the Flood Hazards study project by Water Resources Program in Tacoma, Washington with links to other flood hazard projects.In collaboration with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration?s (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration (OE), the Institute for Exploration (IFE) requests funding to undertake a comparative assessment of the archaeological and biological changes that have occurred at the RMS Titanic wreck site between 1985, the year of its discovery, and the present. As a follow-up to the expedition mounted by OE in June 2003, this field program, with Dr. Robert Ballard and colleagues from OE and other institutions, proposes to re-survey the wreck using state-of-the-art imagery and communications equipment and to broadcast the data real-time via their Inner Space technology. This updated research will help to better determine the wreck?s rate of degradation, produce the first ever comprehensive map of the entire wreck site, and actively engage the public with live video and communication links via the Internet. IFE plans to use its tandem ROV team of Argus and Little Hercules to provide an accurate high-definition map of the wreck site with video imagery. The pair was effectively used in NOAA?s Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary in 2002, where they used high-definition imagery to visually survey more than a dozen wrecks in Lake Huron. IFE will incorporate new methods and technology recently used in their successful Black Sea 2003 Expedition to accurately map the area and coordinate with satellite facilities to transmit the data. Both vehicles will be modified to operate in deep water. In addition, another ROV, Hercules, which was designed explicitly for deep-water archaeological site mapping, can also be modified for biological sampling and precision mapping at the depths of Titanic. Also joining the cruise will be marine biologists, who will continue to conduct rusticle research and bacterial experiments to determine whether or not the current level of microbial activity is the leading cause of the wreck?s degradation. These investigations have proven directly useful to other deep-sea experiments throughout the world, namely marine construction projects and pharmaceutical research.NeuroLex (en)EuroCRIS EuroCRIS DSpace repositoryLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Benthic monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm as a requirement of the CAR licence for the site. Grab samples collected in proximity to the farm and at two reference locations. Samples analysed for: benthos, redox, psa, carbon and sea lice residues.USGS water resources home page for New Jersey with links to hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, droughts, weather, and water quality plus district information.Marc's Security Ramblings Search Marc's Security Ramblings - Security News and Commentary from @marcwrogers - comments in this blog don't reflect the view of my employer.WMSThe aims of WCRP is to facilitate analysis and prediction of Earth System variability and change for use in an increasing range of practical applications of direct relevance, benefit and value to societyIPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2008-02-08; Survey End: 2008-02-08; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationDSpace@MIT DSpace@MIT DSpace repositorySubsurface temperature, well temperature, and well data of geothermal resources in the Great Basin.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of several RGB images that are collected by the CHARTS system. Individual images have been rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. An example file name is "2007_NCMP_NY_Erie_01_RGB.tif". This file name convention is based on the year, project, area name, box number, and product type.WMSDatabase providing concentration of heavy metals, nutrients, and trace elements in 75 species of lichens sampled in 43 national park units in 24 states.Aerial photography was acquired as part of a detailed engineering project for the City of Van Buren, Arkansas. which involved the collection of mass points for DTM and contour creation and detailed planimetric feature extraction.HI No: HI 877; IPR Holder: Ministry of Defence; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2001-01-01; Survey End: 2001-01-02; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: GPSThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. The cost effectiveness of acquisition and processing of remotely sensed imagery varies significantly between types of platforms deployed and imaging systems used to acquire the data. As a result, it is important to identify the strengths and weaknesses of the map products prepared from each of the types of digital imagery. These Accuracy Assessment point data were generated to assess the accuracy of the individual maps created from the three types of source information.Testing showed that the ability to generate benthic habitat maps with an overall accuracy of 90% to 95% confidence interval is reaching a threshold using imagery with three meter pixel size allowing for spectral enhancement of the imagery with reduced resolution. Increasing the intensity of field observation can partially compensate for this decrease in accuracy of the maps generated from the largest pixels. Habitat maps prepared from IKONOS satellite imagery should be accompanied by field observation wherever possible.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe NOAA Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and change products for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats, on a one-to-five year repeat cycle. The timeframe for this metadata is reported as 2006-Era, but the actual dates of the Landsat imagery used to create the land cover may have been acquired a few years before or after each era. These maps are developed utilizing Landsat Thematic Mapper imagery, and can be used to track changes in the landscape through time. This trend information gives important feedback to managers on the success or failure of management policies and programs and aid in developing a scientific understanding of the Earth system and its response to natural and human-induced changes. This understanding allows for the prediction of impacts due to these changes and the assessment of their cumulative effects, helping coastal resource managers make more informed regional decisions. NOAA C-CAP is a contributing member to the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics consortium and C-CAP products are included as the coastal expression of land cover within the National Land Cover Database.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Feature Names Relationship File (FEATNAMES.dbf) contains a record for each feature name and any attributes associated with it. Each feature name can be linked to the corresponding edges that make up that feature in the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp), where applicable to the corresponding address range or ranges in the Address Ranges Relationship File (ADDR.dbf), or to both files. Although this file includes feature names for all linear features, not just road features, the primary purpose of this relationship file is to identify all street names associated with each address range. An edge can have several feature names; an address range located on an edge can be associated with one or any combination of the available feature names (an address range can be linked to multiple feature names). The address range is identified by the address range identifier (ARID) attribute, which can be used to link to the Address Ranges Relationship File (ADDR.dbf). The linear feature is identified by the linear feature identifier (LINEARID) attribute, which can be used to relate the address range back to the name attributes of the feature in the Feature Names Relationship File or to the feature record in the Primary Roads, Primary and Secondary Roads, or All Roads Shapefiles. The edge to which a feature name applies can be determined by linking the feature name record to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) using the permanent edge identifier (TLID) attribute. The address range identifier(s) (ARID) for a specific linear feature can be found by using the linear feature identifier (LINEARID) from the Feature Names Relationship File (FEATNAMES.dbf) through the Address Range / Feature Name Relationship File (ADDRFN.dbf).The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Congressional Districts are the 435 areas from which people are elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. After the apportionment of congressional seats among the States based on census population counts, each State is responsible for establishing congressional districts for the purpose of electing representatives. Each congressional district is to be as equal in population to all other congressional districts in a State as practicable. The congressional districts for the 112th Congress (January 2011 to 2013) continue to be based on Census 2000 data. The TIGER/Line shapefiles for the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas (American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) each contain a single record for the non-voting delegate district in these areas. The boundaries of all other congressional districts are provided to the Census Bureau through the Redistricting Data Program (RDP).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.There will be 4 primary data types collected, multibeam sonar data, CTD water column data, hydrophone records, and Jason ROV dive data.Campus Web Server Help (en)This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Analysis and modeling of multispectral imagery helps to predict the suitability of sand bars for nesting of these migratory birds.Description of research underway in the Pacific Northwest including geologic mapping and urban hazards studies with links to geologic maps, publications, and data.Describes current studies to employ remote sensing to contribute to vegetation and water distribution as well as contamination, often in combination with lab and field studies that help to calibrate and confirm the remotely-sensed data.WMSAn assessment of pesticides in national water resources, with links to national reports, national statistics, national data, pesticide use, analytical strategy, and standards for the U.S.These data contain basic information describing well logs, compiled by the Alabama Geological Survey, published as a downloadable file, ESRI Service, and as a Web Feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. The downloadable documents contain 8 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template, resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Fields in the data table include Well Name, API Number, Ended Drilling Date, Well Type, Bottom Logged Interval, and Log Notes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Evidence leading us to conclude that amphibians are declining, along with explanatory factors in the environment and notes on conservation.Surface ocean velocities estimated from HF-Radar are representitive of the upper 0.3 - 2.5 meters of the ocean. The main objective of near-real time processing is to produce the best product from available data at the time of processing. Radial velocity measurements are obtained from individual radar sites through the HF-Radar Network and processed to create near-real time velocities (RTVs)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Moravian Theological Seminary is an ecumenical, theological graduate school of the Moravian Church offering master s degrees in Divinity, Clinical Counseling, Theological Studies and a comprehensive Continuing Ed and lay leadership program - CROSSROADS.The Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunicatons System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP) and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT). The ISDM sends a copy of these data to the US NODC three times each week. The US NODC began archiving these data on a weekly basis in November 1990. Each weekly collection may include real-time profiles of ocean temperature and salinity, as well as related conductivity and/or pressure and meteorological measurements (if any), collected by expendable bathythermograph (XBT), drifting buoy, moored buoy, and/or profiling floats.The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on the latest available governmental unit boundaries. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. This shapefile represents a subset of the 2006 TIGER dataset. It shows the American Indian Tribal Subdivision areas that fall within San Juan County, NM from the 2006 TIGER Second Edition data.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Teesside Offshore Wind Farm (OWF) is a 62 MW site comprised of 27 turbines, and is owned and operated by Teesside Windfarm Limited (TWL). Osiris Projects were contracted to provide surveys in order to monitor the seabed state, specifically the identification of seabed debris and scour or sediment accretion within the wind farm area. The survey was completed under LOGIC Terms and Conditions. The survey works were conducted by MV Lia and were carried out between 19th August and 3rd September 2014. The aim of the survey was: - To identify debris within the construction area; - To identify changes to seabed morphology, to enable the evaluation of the effectiveness of installed scour protection and ratify the predictions for scour development; - Inform the foundation and cable maintenance schedule; - To satisfy the requirements of the Marine License, specifically the monitoring of Archaeological Exclusion Zones.This dataset consists of CRAMP surveys taken in 1999-2001 and includes quantitative estimates of substrate type, species type, and percent coverage. Fish data are included in a separate submission. The types and coverages were derived objectively from photographic images using PointCount99, a software package which analyzes random points on images of coral reefs and substrate. This dataset does not include the images from video transects however these have been provided to NOAA separately. Photoquadrats are not included in this set. There are 32 survey sites, with 27 of these having both a shallow and deep transect. These sites are located on Kauai, Oahu, Maui, Kahoolawe, and Hawaii. Typically, one sampling date was made for each site per year. Annual surveys are scheduled at these sites and additional sites through at least 2002. This dataset replaces datasets previously given to NODC with NODC Accessions Numbers 0000757 and 0000513.wiki.opendataday.org (en)This dataset includes images from the AloftCon web camera on the US Coast Guard Cutter Healy during the Bering Sea Ecosystem Study (BEST) 2007 cruise. The images are taken every 5 minutes and are in jpeg format.The US Science Operator for the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 2004-2013 for worldwide expeditions numbering between 301 through 346. IODP was an international marine research program that explored Earth's history and structure recorded in seafloor sediments and rocks, and monitors subseafloor environments, building upon the earlier successes of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) and Ocean Drilling Program (ODP), which revolutionized our view of Earth history and global processes through ocean basin exploration. IODP expanded the reach of these previous programs by using multiple drilling platforms, including riser, riserless, and mission-specific, to achieve its scientific goals. The IODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries, only the U.S. component of IODP data is represented in this archive. In 2010, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) began receiving core data processed through the JANUS data system at TAMU for long-term archival, beginning with Expedition 301. In 2013, the first data from the new LIMS data system at TAMU reached the archive, beginning with Expedition 317. In addition to digital core data from the JANUS and LIMS systems, which is available online, core images and other scanned documents and images are also archived. Digital imagery is available on request, but not offered online due to its volume.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data depict the primary 700 fathom isobath within the West Coast Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). The area to the west of this depth contour was designated by the Pacific Fishery Management Council on June 15, 2005 as part of the Preferred Alternative for the Groundfish Essential Fish Habitat (EFH), Final Environmental Impact Statement (FEIS). In order to minimize adverse impacts to EFH, this area is proposed to be closed to fishing with bottom trawl.Development of vaccines and methods to deploy them, to reduce the threat of this serious illness on the population of these wild animals.Outlines information needed to enable effective local decision making regarding the installation, siting, and effects of energy resource facilities.WMSWMSDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordSAS technology exemplifies recent advances in geophysical survey technology that will revolutionize maritime archaeological remote sensing. Applied Signal Technology (AST) has combined their SAS with the MacArtney FOCUS-2 ROTV to create the ultimate towed acoustic imaging device, PROSAS Surveyor. Capable of an area coverage rate of 2.5 kilometer/hour with a resolution of 3 centimeters, PROSAS Surveyor will greatly expand capabilities to locate even the oldest archaeological sites on the continental shelf, particularly where sedimentation is limited. Large area seafloor mapping at a resolution capable of imaging very small targets is a tremendously expensive proposition for submerged land managers responsible for bottom lands from 30 to 300 meters in depth. Daily operating costs for a suitable research vessel and personnel limit the area that can be investigated. This project will for the first time apply commercially available SAS technology to the search for historic shipwrecks. The rapidity and resolution of this project's survey will be as much as a four-fold increase in area covered as compared to conventional marine archaeological remote sensing survey.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains water, geothermal, and oil and gas well log observations compiled by the Maryland Department of the Environment and published as a Web feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. Fields in the Well Log Observation Content Model will become XML elements in interchange documents for WMS simple features provided by a node in the USGIN network. Each observation includes a Log URI, API Number, Latitude and Longitude spatially referenced to EPSG: 4326 (for interoperability). The data contained in the submitted dataset is available as an Excel Spreadsheet, ESRI service, WMS and WFS service. Link to Well Log Observation Content Model: http://stategeothermaldata.org/data_delivery/content_models/well_log_observation.Samples were collected from October 15, 1985 through June 12, 1987 in emergent marsh and non-vegetated habitats throughout the Lavaca Bay system to characterize usage of saline coastal and brackish deltaic habitats by estuarine aquatic species. Results suggest that short term lowering of salinity does not deter estuarine organisms from using deltaic marshes, but rather long term habitat changes may cause these responsesThis is one data set of a data package consisting of thirteen point data sets that have as attributes the direction and velocity of ocean currents in the 'eastern' Gulf of Mexico as determined by drift buoys from February 1996 to June 1997. The data are summarized by quarter degree cells and represent the time weighted average of drift direction and velocity for all drift buoys that entered the cell during the summary time period. Twelve of the data sets are one month averages, one data set is a one year average from all the months. The area covered is nominally the eastern Gulf of Mexico, but during the course of the study, the buoys drifted as far west as Texas. These spatial extent, object count and range attribute metadata items apply in particular to the one-year average data set, however the general characteristics of the dataset (coordinate system, attributes and attribute definitions) apply to all thirteen.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSData tables holding information for the Surf Clam/Ocean Quahog vessel and dealer/processor logbooks (negative and positive), as well as individual tag information and ranges of tag numbers.Nortek 600kHz Aquadopp acoustic current profilers were deployed between April 2011 and September 2011 on shallow water moorings located on the coastal shelf south of St. Thomas near Grammanik Bank SPAG and Frenchcap Cay, USVI. The recovered current velocity, bottom pressure, and bottom temperature time-series data are presented here in an ACII format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full IKONOS multispectral scene and was analyzed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Rose Atoll, American Samoa.Adapt (en)Explains acidity and acid rain and how it affects aquatic organisms. Describes the effect of acid rain on this national park, identifying areas that are at greater or lesser risk from acid rain.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Deep-water marine caves are one of the Earth's last largely unexplored frontiers of undiscovered fauna (animal life). More than 150 limestone caves are known to exist in or near the island of Bermuda. Many of these caves have extensive but relatively shallow submerged portions that connect to the sea via tidal springs along the coastline. These inland caves are inhabited by a number of diverse eyeless and colorless crustaceans and other invertebrates. Many of these organisms are "living fossils"; and some are most closely related to deep-sea organisms. While previous investigations of marine caves have been limited to those within shallow depths (less than 50 meters/164 feet), current research suggests that caves can occur at almost any depth within the sea. The geological history of Bermuda, coupled with biological evidence (cave-adapted species), indicates a strong possibility for the presence of deep-water caves near the island. Thus, Bermuda offers an idea location to search for and to study deep-water caves.This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the ALBWS066 data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.Bathymetry for Tomales Bay was derived from three surveys containing22,020 soundings. Five older, less accurate, overlapping surveys wereomitted before tinning. The average separation between soundings was 37meters. The three surveys used dated from 1993 and 1994. The total range ofsounding data was 1.5 meters to -18.9 meters at mean low water. A mean highwater value of 1.1 meters was assigned to the shoreline. Two points were foundthat were not consistent with the surrounding data and were removed priorto tinning. DEM grid values outside the shoreline (on land) wereassigned null values (-32676).Tomales Bay has four 7.5 minute DEMs and a single one degree DEM. The1 degree DEMs were generated from the higher resolution 7.5 minuteDEMs which covered the estuary. A Digital Elevation Model (DEM)contains a series of elevations ordered from south to north with theorder of the columns from west to east. The DEM is formatted as oneASCII header record (A- record), followed by a series of profilerecords (B- records) each of which include a short B-record headerfollowed by a series of ASCII integer elevations (typically in unitsof 1 centimeter) per each profile. The last physical record of theDEM is an accuracy record (C-record).The 7.5-minute DEM (30- by 30-m data spacing) is cast on theUniversal Transverse Mercator (UTM) projection. It provides coveragein 7.5- by 7.5-minute blocks. Each product provides the samecoverage as a standard USGS 7.5-minute quadrangle but the DEMcontains over edge data. Coverage is available for many estuaries ofthe contiguous United States but is not complete.The High Plains aquifer underlies 111.4 million acres (174,000 square miles) in parts of eight States-Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming. The area overlying the High Plains aquifer is one of the major agricuThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The final year of a multi-year effort to study Lophelia coral communities in the Gulf of Mexico is occurring on the TDI-Brooks research vessel, Brooks McCall, between July 12 and July 24, 2012. The mission Lophelia II 2012 will generate approximately 10 terabytes of high-definition video from the KRAKEN ROV. Surveys of coral density and depth distribution, fish counts surveys, and measurements of coral colonies for growth rate calculations will be conducted. Water samples, push cores, and coral specimens will be collected.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminants in soilThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains quarterly measures of arsenic and nitrates in public drinking water supplies. Data are derived from California Office of Drinking Water (ODW) Water Quality Monitoring Database (WQMD, also know as Water Quality Inventory or WQI) and Permits, Inspection, Compliance, Monitoring, and Enforcement (PICME) database. The data set contains one record for each Community Water System (CWS) per quarter and year with average concentrations of arsenic and nitrates as well as the frequency of sampling, the number of sampling stations, and the date of the last sample.WMSPlace to provide information about ground shaking associated with significant earthquakes. A questionnaire to let us know what you felt following an earthquake in the United States or in other countries.Lesson plan for grades 5-8 to enhance students' learning of geography, map reading, earth science, and problem solving by seeing landscape changes from space, as revealed in Landsat satellite imagery.This data set contains lidar point data (Geodetic Coordinates) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Dana Point to Point La Jolla. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 (tail number N6602L) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 28-29 March 2003; Julian Days 08703 and 08803 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). Conditions on both days were clear skies, no fog or low clouds. 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 15-20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 900-1160m AGL, and ground speed: 90-132kts. Two GPS base stations (Scripps pier and Dana Point, see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates) were operating during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.Site has links to Lake Mead National Recreation Area: geologic field trips, geologic history, plate tectonics, rocks and minerals, geologic time, geologic maps, and glossary.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Dickinson CollegeCRED shallow Conductivity-Temperature-Depth (CTD) casts are vertical profiles (max 30 meter depth, downcast only) of temperature, conductivity and pressure. Data are collected at select nearshore locations, both around islands or banks and within lagoons. Data processing was performed using Seabird Instrument's SeaSoft SBE Data Processing Software (http://www.seabird.com/software/SBEDataProcforWindows.htm). Data format is discreet, tabular (formatted, space delimited ASCII) files for each profile, with a full header as provided by SeaSoft. Raw file extension is HEX, processed file extension is CNV. The header contains latitude, longitude and other location information, as well as all data processing steps and settings. All dates and times are UTC. All positions are WGS84 decimal degrees. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpCoordinated studies of the effect of historical mining for mercury, origin and composition of metals in groundwaters and surface waters, history of volcanic and intrusive activity, and the complex geological history of this area.Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.WFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census American Indian (e6a29139-f23a-4068-8899-17b1c6a57417)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NOAA Hypoxia Watch project provides near-real-time, web-based maps of dissolved oxygen near the sea floor over the Texas-Louisiana continental shelf during a period that extends from early June to mid-July. The NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service Mississippi Laboratories at Pascagoula and Stennis Space Center and the NOAA National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC) at Stennis Space Center began the Hypoxia Watch project in 2001. Scientists aboard the NOAA Research Vessel Oregon II measure seawater properties, such as water temperature, salinity, chlorophyll, and dissolved oxygen at each of approximately 240 locations as the Oregon II cruises the waters south of Pascagoula, MS and then makes its way from Brownsville, Texas, to the mouth of the Mississippi River. A scientist aboard the ship processes the measurements from electronic dissolved oxygen sensors, checks the measurements periodically with chemical analyses of the seawater, then sends the data by e-mail to NCDDC at Stennis Space Center approximately every three to five days. Physical Scientists at NCDDC transform the dissolved oxygen measurements into contour maps, which identify areas of low oxygen, or hypoxia. During the 6-week cruise, as the data is received from the ship, NCDDC generates new maps and immediately publishes them on the web. The first map will usually cover an area off the Mississippi coast, successive maps will add areas of the continental shelf from Brownsville to Galveston, and the final map will usually cover the entire Texas-Louisiana-Mississippi coast. Maps are published every three to five days from approximately June 10 to July 20.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search this site using open search ...Search the current edition of the CatalogDFW collects `trip ticket? or `purchase invoice? data from vendors that buy fish directly from the fishermen. Similar to other trip ticket invoice systems, except that compliance is voluntary and invoices are only provided to dealers, hotel, stores, fish mobiles etc. on the island of Saipan. Participation has deteriorated in recent years as the economy has suffered and businesses have failed and struggled to stay in existence. DFW has always run the system and have efforts underway to improve compliance and actually make such commercial vendor reporting mandatory through local legislation (although this has been tried in the past and failed). Data are collected by vendor and may include a fishermen?s identity (or not) and include number of pieces, weight, and price for some individual species and some species groups. Data exist back to about 1983 and are continuing, although the relative coverage of the fisheries has varied over the time series. These data are considered highly confidential.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Alternative web access to geological, geochemical, and geophysical research programs that are divided among the new USGS mission areas.This data set contains ortho-rectified mosaic tiles, created as a product from the NOAA Integrated Ocean and Coastal Mapping (IOCM) initiative. The source imagery was acquired on 20120125. The images were acquired with an Applanix Digital Sensor System (DSS). The original images were acquired at a higher resolution than the final ortho-rectified mosaic.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NGDC manages a wide variety of geophysical data including trackline and survey data as two distinct types. Multibeam data tend to bridge these data models depending on scale and track pattern. One of NGDC's geophysical data holdings is the MBBDB system which has been assembled as an online data base using existing Commercial and Government Off-The-Shelf (COTS and GOTS) software systems: ORACLE, ArcGIS, Generic Mapping Tools (GMT), MB-System, and Autochart. The MBBDB is a world wide compilation of mulitbeam bathymetric data.The NOAA Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and change products for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats, on a one-to-five year repeat cycle. The timeframe for this metadata is reported as 2006-Era, but the actual dates of the Landsat imagery used to create the land cover may have been acquired a few years before or after each era. These maps are developed utilizing Landsat Thematic Mapper imagery, and can be used to track changes in the landscape through time. This trend information gives important feedback to managers on the success or failure of management policies and programs and aid in developing a scientific understanding of the Earth system and its response to natural and human-induced changes. This understanding allows for the prediction of impacts due to these changes and the assessment of their cumulative effects, helping coastal resource managers make more informed regional decisions. NOAA C-CAP is a contributing member to the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics consortium and C-CAP products are included as the coastal expression of land cover within the National Land Cover Database.W3C Tools Support Wiki (en)Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.Search Open Data Stack Exchange: Q for developers and researchers interested in open dataUSGS high resolution orthorectified images from The National Map combine the image characteristics of an aerial photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. An orthoimage is a uniform-scale image where corrections have been made for feature displacement such as building tilt and for scale variations caused by terrain relief, sensor geometry, and camera tilt. A mathematical equation based on ground control points, sensor calibration information, and a digital elevation model is applied to each pixel to rectify the image to obtain the geometric qualities of a map. A digital orthoimage may be created from several photographs mosaicked to form the final image. The source imagery may be black-and-white, natural color, color infrared, or color near infrared (4-band) with a pixel resolution of 1-meter or finer. With orthoimagery, the resolution refers to the distance on the ground represented by each pixel. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. Data received at EROS were reprojected from source projection to a standard utm projection and resolution resampled to align to the U.S. National Grid (USNG) using The National Map. The naming convention is based on the USNG, taking the coordinates of the SW corner of the orthoimage. The metadata were imported and updated for display through The National Map at http://nationalmap.gov/viewer.html Image-level metadata are provided in HTML and XML format. Data were compressed utilizing IAS software. The compression was JPEG2000 Lossy Compressed. The file format created was .jp2.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Climate and Land Use Change Mission Area is one of seven USGS mission areas that focuses on making substantial scientific "...contributions to understanding how Earth systems interact, respond to, and cause global change"WMSThe ASCII datasets contain pressure values measured at 10-min intervals at the seafloor and several subseafloor depths in two "Advanced CORK" hydrologic observatories installed by ODP in 2001 at Sites 808I and 1173B in the Nankai Trough subduction zone. The datasets were downloaded from logger memory using Japanese research submersibles at irregular intervals of 1-2 years. Currently there are 14 total datasets as follows: downloads at 808I in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, and 2012; downloads at 1173B in 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2011, and 2012. They should be of interest to scientists studying seismogenic processes at subduction zones. Please note that much of the data from 808I may be compromised by the lack of seal for the central bore. In addition, several of the valves on both installations were bumped open by a reentry camera frame during deployment, so the first year's installment of data from both sites was compromised until the valves were closed during the 2002 Kaiko operations. There are separate data files for each of the downloads. Each data file has a header of basic metadata that describes the contents of the columns and the respective checks on logger clock drift. Typically, the clock drift was checked just before each download, and the clocks were then reset to UTC immediately after the respective downloads. In three cases, the records of the logger times checks have been misplaced and the drifts computed from other clock checks (consistent from year to year at each site, order 1-2 minutes per year) are reported. Note that the times in the data files have not been corrected for the clock drift. Also, during some of the download operations, there were attempts to calibrate the relative offsets among gauges by opening the seafloor valves to apply seafloor pressure to all the gauges. These are not reflected in the main data files. The installations have battery power for 10-15 years of operation, longer with planned addition of supplemental batteries, so there should be future downloads to add to the archive. There are likely to be future JAMSTEC download opportunities at unpredictable intervals, hopefully every 1-2 years. At approximately 5 Mb/yr, future datasets should be approximately 5-10 Mb in size.Environmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) maps are an integral component in oil-spill contingency planning and assessment. They serve as a source of information in the event of an oil spill incident. ESI maps contain three types of information: shoreline habitats (classified according to their sensitivity to oiling), sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources. Most often, this information is plotted on 7.5 minute USGS quadrangles, although in the Alaska ESI maps, USGS topographic maps at scales of 1:63,360 and 1:250,000 are used, and in other ESI maps, NOAA charts have been used as the base map. Collections of these maps, grouped by state or a logical geographic area, are published as ESI atlases. Digital data have been published for most of the U.S. shoreline, including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Detailed information on capture-and-release surveying as well as acoustic monitoring of bats indicates prevalence of various species and, for the captured specimens, physiological characteristics.NAAPS (Navy Aerosol Analysis and Prediction System) Global Aerosol Model delivered by the Naval Research Laboratory.GIS data as grids, images, and shapefiles for monthly averages at 4km resolution from 1981 through 2009.We estimated mean volumes of undiscovered conventional resources in this area at 14.9 billion barrels of oil, 87.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 1.4 billion barrels of natural-gas liquids using a geology-based assessment methodology.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution 'color by depth' bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.In 1997, the Maryland General Assembly approved the Rural Legacy Program as a major component of Governor Glendening's Smart Growth and Neighborhood Conservation Initiative. The purpose of the Rural Legacy Program is to protect Maryland's best remaining rural landscapes and natural areas through the purchase of land or conservation easements. Funds are awarded by grants to sponsors to purchase fee simple interests or easements on property within a Rural Legacy Area. This file consists of properties that have been protected using Rural Legacy funds.NOAA's National Climatic Data Center is now producing the Regional Snowfall Index (RSI) for significant snowstorms that impact the eastern two thirds of the U.S. The RSI ranks snowstorm impacts on a scale from 1 to 5, similar to the Fujita scale for tornadoes or the Saffir-Simpson scale for hurricanes. NCDC has analyzed and assigned RSI values to over 500 storms going as far back as 1900. New storms are added operationally. As such, RSI puts the regional impacts of snowstorms into a century-scale historical perspective. The RSI differs from other indices because it includes population. RSI is based on the spatial extent of the storm, the amount of snowfall, and the juxtaposition of these elements with population. The area and population are cumulative values above regional specific thresholds. For example, the thresholds for the Southeast are 2", 5", 10", and 15" of snowfall while the thresholds for the Northeast are 4", 10", 20", and 30" of snowfall. Population information ties the index to societal impacts. Currently, the index uses population based on the 2000 Census. The RSI is an evolution of the Northeast Snowfall Impact Scale (NESIS) which NCDC began producing operationally in 2005. While NESIS was developed for storms that had a major impact in the Northeast, it includes the impact of snow on other regions as well. It can be thought of as a quasi-national index that is calibrated to Northeast snowstorms. By contrast, the RSI is a regional index; a separate index is produced for each of the six NCDC climate regions in the eastern two-thirds of the nation. The indices are calculated in a similar fashion to NESIS, but our experience has led us to propose a change in the methodology. The new indices require region-specific parameters and thresholds for the calculations. For details on how RSI is calculated, see Squires et al. 2011.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on river and stream ecosystemsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.In 2004 Stephen R. Braund & Associates, in association with the North Slope Borough Department of Wildlife and under contract to BOEM, initiated a subsistence mapping study in Nuiqsut, Kaktovik, and Barrow. The study is designed to develop a Geographic Information System (GIS) capable of describing regional subsistence patterns and measuring changes in these patterns over time.Estimates of additional energy resources present within known oil and gas fields using statistical analysis that includes geology and engineering practices in addition to growth trends in production data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.GeoNode is an open source platform that facilitates the creation, sharing, and collaborative use of geospatial dataThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.West Sound Technology Asscoiation holding technology and business focused meetings in the West Puget Sound regionData from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThe Lophelia II project involves exploration and research of the northern Gulf of Mexico deepwater natural and artificial hard bottom habitats with emphasis on coral communities. In order to better understand the deep water coral reefs, operations will involve primarily dives with the JASON II ROV for deployments, collections, and video. Dive operations will be performed over 15 to 20 targeted locations, at which elevators will be deployed and recovered for the large number of collections expected. Multibeam surveys will be performed over targeted areas for operational use. The JASON ROV will be equipped with a sonar for obstacle avoidance. Twelve to fifteen CTD casts with Niskin rosettes will be deployed and four to six previously deployed moorings will be recovered.OpenStax CNXWFS Service for RGIS dataset 2013 FEMA Cross Sections (adca193c-7758-46be-90ae-31de439933d6)WMSWMSThe Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) is a weather forecast model made up of 21 separate forecasts, or ensemble members. The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) started the GEFS to address the nature of uncertainty in weather observations, which are used to initialize weather forecast models. The proverbial butterfly flapping her wings can have a cascading effect leading to wind gusts thousands of miles away. This extreme example illustrates that tiny, unnoticeable differences between reality and what is actually measured can, over time, lead to noticeable differences between what a weather model forecast predicts and reality itself. The GEFS attempts to quantify the amount of uncertainty in a forecast by generating an ensemble of multiple forecasts, each minutely different, or perturbed, from the original observations. With global coverage, GEFS is produced four times a day with weather forecasts going out to 16 days and a 6 hour temporal resolution. This dataset has 1.0 degree horizontal resolution.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geologic map of Idaho includes: map units contacts (lines), faults(lines), and map unit polygons. Geology compiled from more than 90 sources. Basement geology in central and north Idaho, compiled on Lambert conformal conic 1:750,000 base from 1976. Surficial geology for the entire state and bedrock and basement geology south of the Snake River and in southeast Idaho, compiled on shaded relief base derived from 10 m NED data. Downloadable Data not currently available.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2011-03-03; Survey End: 2011-03-03; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: ;Summary of study to document the impact of Hurricane Ivan on the Gulf coast of Alabama near the Florida border.Description of the project to publish new bedrock geologic maps in the United States to advance the understanding of the region's bedrock aquifers. Includes list of projects.Search MIT VideoThis British Geological Survey (BGS) marine geophysical survey took place during October/November 2003 in the Outer Bristol Channel aboard the RV Prince Madog. Netsurvey Ltd were commissioned to provide multibeam services. This survey was undertaken for the Outer Bristol Channel Marine Habitat Study (OBCMHS) as part of a series of five surveys. The OBCMHS was principally funded by the Aggregate Levy Sustainability Fund, MALSF, (administered in Wales by the Welsh Assembly Government), the Sustainable Land Won and Marine Dredged Aggregate Minerals Programme of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM), administered by Mineral Industry Research Organisation (MIRO), with contributions from others. Sea floor data collected were high-resolution multibeam bathymetry and side-scan sonar (on selected lines). Subsurface data were gathered using a surface tow boomer (on selected lines). The multibeam data collected on this survey were later merged with data from the 2004 survey and this combined dataset is available with the 2004 survey. Most of the data were recorded digitally. Some paper records were also generated also. These data are archived with the MEDIN Data Archive Centres (DAC), including the BGS DAC for geology and geophysics and the UKHO DAC for bathymetry data. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS Cruise report IR/04/012. For further information on the surveys and general information on the OBCMHS see the final report (Mackie et al, 2006. BIOMOR Reports 4:ISBN 0-7200-0569-8).The A.G. Leventis Foundation is a foundation with the aim to support educational, cultural, artistic and philanthropic causes in Cyprus, Greece and elsewhere.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Medicare Blog Search The Medicare Blog - The official blog for the U.S. Medicare program. For more information, please visit www.medicare.govSearchable database, the COALQUAL database, presented here and in the USGS Open-file Report 97-134, is a subset of samples contained in the NCRDS (National Coal Resources Data System) database, and contains coal quality data on each sample.The National Geodetic Survey (NGS), an office of NOAA's National Ocean Service (NOS), coordinates a network of geodetic-quality CORS stations that provide Global Positioning System (GPS) carrier phase and code range measurements in support of 3-dimensional positioning activities throughout the United State and its territories. The positions of these CORS sites help define the National Spatial Reference System (NSRS). NGS defines and manages the NSRS - the framework for latitude, longitude, height, scale, gravity, orientation and shoreline throughout the U.S. The NSRS provides a consistent national coordinate system to support mapping, charting, navigation, boundary determination, property delineation, infrastructure development, resource evaluation surveys, and scientific applications. The CORS system enables positional accuracies that approach a few centimeters relative to the NSRS, both horizontally and vertically.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search SLiDA Case Studies on Brookes WikiThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Blacklight SearchGeneral description of US government efforts to monitor the occurrence of highly pathogenic avian influenza in wild migratory birds.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationBoundary between the UK and IrelandPrevious status assessments of marine turtles have assumed that the natural sex ratio of a marine turtle population is 1:1 (e.g. Conant et al. 2009). However, this is largely speculative and is based on few data, a troubling fact considering the importance of sex ratios when modeling the status of marine turtle populations. Marine turtles exhibit temperature sex determination (TSD), such that the overall sex ratio of hatchlings produced on a nesting beach is affected by the incubation temperatures on that beach (Mrosovsky and Yntema 1980, Rimblot et al. 1985). This creates unique susceptibility of marine turtles to global climate change and deforestation at nesting beaches (Hawkes et al. 2007). And although research has shown that the temperature threshold may vary among species and beaches, there are relatively few studies on hatchling sex ratios (Chevalier et al. 1999, Wibbels 2003, Mrosovsky et al. 2009). Considering the extreme importance of knowing sex ratio when modeling population abundance and trends, it is essential to conduct studies to determine sex ratio at various nesting beaches. In this study, we proposed to monitor thermal environments at the St. Croix, USVI, leatherback turtle nesting beach and the Bahia de Jiquilisco-Xiriualtique Biosphere Reserve in El Salvador for hawksbill turtles.USGS Coastal Marine Geology field activitiesScientists from NOAA Fisheries Service's Benthic Resources Group and NOAA Center for Coastal Environmental Health and Biomolecular Research participated in a six-day (November 1-6, 2010) research cruise aboard NOAA's newest Fisheries Survey Vessel (FSV), the Bell M. Shimada , to investigate deep-water sponges and corals between San Diego, CA and Seattle, WA. Remotely operated vehicle (ROV) surveys were conducted in Sur Canyon, south of Monterey Bay; on The Football, a bank north of San Francisco Bay; on Coquille Bank off the OR coast, and two sites within the Olympic Coast National Marine Sanctuary (OCNMS). Underwater video and high-resolution still photographs were collected using the Southwest Fisheries Science Center's Phantom ROV . Many of these photos have been made available here , and a video of our encounter with several Humboldt squid (Dosidicus gigas) can be viewed here . `Fly-along' with the researchers in your browser by clicking on one of the five virtual tours below (Google Earth browser plug-in required). Toggle the boxes above the map to turn on/off the various features. Zoom in on the map and click on individual photos to see larger images and additional information. Or, download the KMZ file to view the tours externally using Google Earth.This data set is a digital version of aerial photographs taken during the 1936-1939 time frame for the USDA-ASCS. These photos were originally recorded at a scale of 1:20,000 as black and white positive images. These images were scanned at a resolution of 600 dpi and stored in JPEG format. These files were then georeferenced to a cell size of one meter, mosaiced and clipped to the extent of the USGS 1991 DOQ extent. The primary source of georeferencing information is the 1991 USGS DOQs In general, these photos were taken in the fall of the year during the months of August through October.Search the Purdue University Libraries eJournals.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The so-called "100-year" flood is really more like the 4 year flood. This can help emergency managers enhance public awareness of how often flooding truly occurs in a region. It also could help convince those people in harm's way that preparedness is mThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NGDC maintains a database of over 1,500 volcano locations obtained from the Smithsonian Institution Global Volcanism Program, Volcanoes of the World publication. The database includes information on the volcano name, location, elevation, volcano type, date of the last known eruption, and the certainty of Holocene volcanism.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.GWAS Central Phenotypes Web Search Search for G2P phenotypes through GWAS Central.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas are together termed Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs) and are defined by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and consist of the county or counties or equivalent entities associated with at least one urban core (urbanized area or urban cluster) of at least 10,000 population, plus adjacent counties having a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured through commuting ties with the counties containing the core. Categories of CBSAs are: Metropolitan Statistical Areas, based on urbanized areas of 50,000 or more population; and Micropolitan Statistical Areas, based on urban clusters of at least 10,000 population but less than 50,000 population. The CBSAs boundaries are those defined by OMB based on the 2010 Census and published in February 2013.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Transit mapping operations will collect bathymetric, water column backscatter, seafloor backscatter data, and sub-bottom profile data.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesGeologic mapping of the Massachusetts inner continental shelf is a cooperative effort that was initiated in 2003 by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management (CZM). The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA-NOS) is also an important partner and contributes hydrographic data that are integrated into the maps. The overall goal of this cooperative is to determine the geologic framework of the seafloor inside the 3-mile limit of State waters, using high-resolution geophysical techniques, sediment sampling, and seafloor photography. Water depths in the study area range from about 5 m (16 ft) along the coast to 90 m (295 ft) in offshore areas. From 2003-2008, this project has mapped approximately 1375 km (530 mi) of seafloor extending from the MA/NH border to northern Cape Cod Bay.Mine plants and operations for commodities monitored by the Minerals Information Team of the USGS. Operations included are those considered active in 2003 and surveyed by the USGS.This map layer contains impervious surface data for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at .This layer of the National Elevation Dataset (NED) is 1 arc-second (approximately 30 m) resolution. The 1 arc-second NED are derived from diverse source data that are processed to a common coordinate system and unit of vertical measure. These data are distributed in geographic coordinates in units of decimal degrees, and in conformance with the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD 83). All elevation values are in meters and, over the continental United States, are referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The 1 arc-second NED layer provides seamless coverage of the conterminous United States, Hawaii, Mexico, Canada, Puerto Rico, other territorial islands, and in limited areas of Alaska. The 1 arc-second NED layer is available as pre-staged products tiled in 1 degree blocks in Erdas .img, ESRI arc-grid, and grid float formats. The NED is updated continually as new data become available. All NED data are in the public domain.Explains the process of carbon sequestration through oceanic, terrestrial, and geologic (underground) mechanisms, with some background information on why this is important.BLM Manual 1613, dated 9/29/1988, describes Areas of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) as: "ACEC designations highlight areas where special management attention is needed to protect, and prevent irreparable damage to, important historic, cultural, and scenic values, fish, or wildlife resources or other natural systems or processes; or to protect human life and safety from natural hazards. The ACEC designation indicates to the public that the BLM recognizes that an area has significant values and has established special management measures to protect those values. In addition designation also serves as a reminder that significant value(s) or resource(s) exist which must be accommodated when future management actions and land use proposals are considered near or within an ACEC." This dataset contains all of the current Idaho ACECs that were created through the Resource Management Plan (RMP) or Management Framework Plan (MFP) process. The ACECs include ACEC's, Research Natural Areas (RNAs) and Outstanding Natural Areas (ONAs). RNAs are areas where natural processes are allowed to predominate and which is preserved for the primary purposes of research and education. Under current BLM policy, RNAs must meet the relevance and importance criteria of ACECs and are designated as ACECs. Criteria for RNAs can be found at: BLM Manual 1613 and 43 CFR 1610.7-2(b). ONAs are areas with high scenic values that have been little altered by human impact. Under current BLM policy, ONAs must meet the relevance and importance criteria of ACECs and are designated as ACECs. Criteria for ONAs can be found at: BLM Manual 1613 and 43 CFR 1610.7-2(b).NAIP imagery is acquired annually with the total coverage being determined by available funds from FSA and funding partners, considering FSA priorities. The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the contiguous U.S (lower 48 states). The NAIP provides 1-meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery or optional (with partner buy-up) 1/2-meter GSD ortho imagery, with a horizontal accuracy of +/- 6 meters to true ground. The data deliverables consist of DOQQ tiles and Compressed County Mosaics formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. NAIP imagery is generally acquired in projects covering full states, and is typically available for distribution within 60 days of the end of a flying season. It is intended to provide current information of agricultural conditions in support of USDA farm programs. It is also used by federal cost share partners to meet their mission needs. The 2015-2016 Planned Acquisition Map shown here may change depending on funding. For more information about possibly becoming a NAIP funding partner, please contact APFO, Bridget Barlow at bridget.barlow@slc.usda.govThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Rockefeller University The Rockefeller University DSpace repositoryOpen Data | data.maryland.govGMOD (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a map service for a story map on the ocean economy and total economy. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information.How climate change affects ground water is more complex than surface water because the residence time of ground water can range from days to tens of thousands of years. Discusses some broad climatic processes may affect groundwater resources.Gnowgi Search Gnowgi - is Nagarjuna's pressEarth to Sky: An Innovative Partnership between NASA and National Park ServiceSearch Institutional Student ePioneer Partnerships on Brookes WikiWMSThis data set contains ortho-rectified mosaic tiles, created as a product from the NOAA Integrated Ocean and Coastal Mapping (IOCM) initiative. The source imagery was acquired on 20130409. The images were acquired with an Applanix Digital Sensor System (DSS). The original images were acquired at a higher resolution than the final ortho-rectified mosaic.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This coverage represents the townships in Iowa that have atrazine restrictions restrictions of 1.5 lbs./acre.Khronos public bugtracker Quick SearchNOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is building high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) for select U.S. coastal regions in the Gulf of Mexico. These integrated bathymetric-topographic DEMs were developed for NOAA Coast Survey Development Laboratory (CSDL) through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009 to evaluate the utility of the Vertical Datum Transformation tool (VDatum), developed jointly by NOAA's Office of Coast Survey (OCS), National Geodetic Survey (NGS), and Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS). Bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data used in DEM compilation are obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. Coastal Services Center (CSC), the U.S. Office of Coast Survey (OCS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to the vertical tidal datum of North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88) or Mean High Water (MHW) and horizontal datum of North American Datum of 1983 (NAD 83). Cell size ranges from 1/3 arc-second (~10 meters) to 1 arc-second (~30 meters).IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2009-12-22; Survey End: 2009-12-22; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;Invest in Our Future - Invest in Science Search Invest in Our Future - Invest in Science -The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These magnetic anomaly maps for the State of Ohio are in .pdf format. One gives gridded residual magnetic anomaly data from U.S. Geological Survey magnetic anomaly map of Ohio, and the other shows CHAMP-corrected magnetic anomalies. Both maps provide locations of faults and county outlines and names. This resource is available online for download. For more information see links provided.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSWMSA wide variety of explanatory and educational resources about landslides and their relationship with earthquakes and storms, and preparedness. Includes glossary and photos.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesThe GIS REST service for "Shipping Lanes in U.S. waters" provides raster maps of the Shipping Lanes is a term used to indicate the general flow of merchant shipping between two departure/terminal areas. These areas are derived from NOAA's Electronic Navigation Charts. This serivce is a cartographic representation of marine source data based on S-57 data format and content specificationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.While summer rains have increased during the past 20 years, temperatures have increased as well, amplifying the effects of droughts. Crop yields are low but the population is growing, pointing to rising food insecurity.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The highest-hit digital surface models (DSM) represent the earth's surface with all vegetation and human-made structures included.Wellcome Trust Blog Search Wellcome Trust Blog - Life from a Wellcome Trust perspectiveOverview of the research group Geophysical Unit of Menlo Park (GUMP) with links to studies, models, and maps on gravity and geomagnetism in Nevada, California, Oregon, Washington and the U.S.WMSLibrary Catalog SearchThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geospatial metadata search.WMSData and information collected by the submersible Johnson Sea-Link II along its track during fourteen dives of the 2003 "Investigating the Charleston Bump" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 2 through August 16, 2003. Measurements and information include sub's position, altitude, and depth; personnel assignments; dive, mission, and vehicle ID's; and sound velocity measurements. The Marine Operations Division of the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution provided the original submersible data.The World Magnetic Model is the standard model used by the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.K. Ministry of Defence, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO), for navigation, attitude and heading referencing systems using the geomagnetic field. It is also used widely in civilian navigation and heading systems. The model, associated software, and documentation are distributed by NGDC on behalf of NGA. The model is produced at 5-year intervals, with the current model expiring on December 31, 2019.Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 2 sites at Kaula Rock in the Main Hawaiian Islands in August, 2006 from the NOAA vessel Hi'ialakai (HII06-10). Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes, and visual estimation of percent cover. On each side of the transect lines, 0.5 m was included in the belt (for a total of 50m2 per site).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Address Ranges Relationship File (ADDR.dbf) contains the attributes of each address range. Each address range applies to a single edge and has a unique address range identifier (ARID) value. The edge to which an address range applies can be determined by linking the address range to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) using the permanent topological edge identifier (TLID) attribute. Multiple address ranges can apply to the same edge since an edge can have multiple address ranges. Note that the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge already appears in the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp). The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.Explains how we use chromium, the types of mineral deposits in which we find it, and the economic factors affecting supply and demand of this commodity.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer depicts potential sea level rise and its associated impacts on the nation's coastal areas. These coastal areas include all the states (except for Alaska, Louisiana, and Great Lake states) and the U.S. territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, Saipan, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The purpose of the mapping viewer is to provide coastal managers and scientists with a preliminary look at sea level rise (slr) and coastal flooding impacts. Being able to visualize potential impacts from sea level rise is a powerful teaching and planning tool, and the viewer brings this capability to coastal communities. The viewer is a screening-level tool that uses nationally consistent data sets and analyses. Data and maps provided can be used at several scales to help gauge trends and prioritize actions for different scenarios. The Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer may be accessed at: http://www.csc.noaa.gov/slr/. Some of the features of this tool are: 1. Displays potential future sea levels 2. Provides simulations of sea level rise at local landmarks 3. Communicates the spatial uncertainty of mapped sea levels 4. Models potential marsh migration due to sea level rise 5. Overlays social and economic data onto potential sea level rise 6. Examines how tidal flooding will become more frequent with sea level riseCambridge Dictionaries OnlineThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Site with links to projects of the field center of the Woods Hole Coastal Marine Geology Program on underwater areas between shorelines and the deep ocean, off the U.S. East Coast, the Gulf of Mexico, and in parts of the Caribbean and Great Lakes.WMSWe estimated means of 19 million barrels of undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and 244 billion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas in this area using a geology based assessment methodology.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe overall objective is to familiarize participating scientists with PISCES multibeam echosounder (Simrad ME70) configuration, operation, calibration and data collection and test the sonar's capabilities for a variety of applications. An additional objective is to collect water column and seafloor scattering data using PISCES multibeam echosounder and splitbeam echosounders (Simrad EK60) in coordination with measurements being conducted on OKEANOS EXPLORER using Simrad EM302 multibeam echosounder for comparison between systems.OpenEdition is the umbrella portal for Revues.org, Hypotheses.org and Calenda, three platforms dedicated to electronic resources in the humanities and social sciences.Five possible storms in the Eastern Pacific BasinThese data consist of vector line segments tagged with elevation derived from the LOSCO/FEMA LIDAR five meter DEM data set for seven watershed basins in the Louisiana Coastal Zone. This project produced over 50,000 linear miles of vector tagged shoreline covering 7,150 sq. mi. of coastal zone.Titanium is highly resistant to corrosion and is chemically inert. It is as strong as steel but 45 percent lighter, and it is twice as strong as aluminum but only 60 percent heavier.The US Science Operator for the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 2004-2013 for worldwide expeditions numbering between 301 through 346. IODP was an international marine research program that explored Earth's history and structure recorded in seafloor sediments and rocks, and monitors subseafloor environments, building upon the earlier successes of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) and Ocean Drilling Program (ODP), which revolutionized our view of Earth history and global processes through ocean basin exploration. IODP expanded the reach of these previous programs by using multiple drilling platforms, including riser, riserless, and mission-specific, to achieve its scientific goals. The IODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries, only the U.S. component of IODP data is represented in this archive. In 2010, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) began receiving core data processed through the JANUS data system at TAMU for long-term archival, beginning with Expedition 301. In 2013, the first data from the new LIMS data system at TAMU reached the archive, beginning with Expedition 317. In addition to digital core data from the JANUS and LIMS systems, which is available online, core images and other scanned documents and images are also archived. Digital imagery is available on request, but not offered online due to its volume.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationConsistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Search the current edition of the CatalogThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the studies of five small watersheds, four in the U.S. and one in Puerto Rico, under the WEBB program to understand the processes controlling water, energy, and biogeochemical fluxes with links to other watershed research.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemVanadium and boron were detected at high and moderate concentrations in this area. High concentrations for these constituents were detected almost exclusively in samples collected in the Temecula Valley study area.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Strengthening Our Cities: BAR Summit 2014 Search Strengthening Our Cities: BAR Summit 2014 - Annual earthquake loss reduction summit in Los AngelesU.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior - The annual lidar and DEM acquisition plan is part of the 3DEP initiative to systematically collect enhanced elevation data (Quality Level 2) in the form of high-quality light detection and ranging (lidar) data over the conterminous United States, Hawaii, and the territories on an 8-year schedule. The FY15 acquisition plan currently anticipates collecting 100,000 sq. mi. or more depending on partnerships and other contributions to the plan. Interested parties who wish to become a funding partner with the USGS in FY15 or in future years should contact a USGS Geospatial Liaison - http://liaisons.usgs.gov/geospatial/documents/TNM_Partnership_User_ContactList.pdf. Products will include: raw point cloud, classified point cloud, 1M DEM, and other standard derived NED datasets. To find out more about the 3DEP initiative go to http://nationalmap.gov/3DEP.Online booklet on earthquake history, earthquake occurrences, measuring earthquakes, causes, relationship of volcanoes and earthquakes and earthquake prediction.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset represents the location and description of oil and gas wells within the State of Arkansas. ACCURACIES VARY ON METHOD OF COLLECTION. All information contained within this file was extracted from the Arkansas Oil & Gas Commisions online database .The Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) manages over 446,000 acres of public lands and protected open space in the state. The DNR Lands data (part of Technology Toolbox Protected Lands data set) consists of mapped information that represent those lands that are owned by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.Utilizing various land protection programs and funding sources, the Maryland Department of Natural Resources has preserved environmentally important lands through the use of perpetual conservation easements. The Forest Legacy Program is designed to identify and protect environmentally important forest lands that are threatened by present or future conversion to non-forest use through the use of perpetual conservation easements between willing sellers and willing buyers. Only private forest land in a Forest Legacy Area is eligible for the program. Marylands Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program (CREP) has helped thousands of Maryland landowners plant streamside buffers, establish wetlands, protect highly erodible land, and create wildlife habitat. The State of Maryland has entered into a memorandum of Agreement with USDA authorizing the State of Maryland to continue the voluntary program for the purchase of perpetual easements for Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) land. A perpetual CREP easement is a written legal agreement between a landowner and the State of Maryland in which there is an acquired permanent interest in the land to install or maintain conservation practices that protect water quality and natural resources. The Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) administers the CREP easement program. DNR is also assisted by a number of local governments and non-government organization sponsors.The Department of Natural Resources makes no warranty, expressed or implied, as to the use or appropriateness of Spatial Data, and there are no warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. The information contained in Spatial Data is from publicly available sources, but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of Spatial Data. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be subject to liability for human error, error due to software conversion, defect, or failure of machines, or any material used in the connection with the machines, including tapes, disks, CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs and energy. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be liable for any lost profits, consequential damages, or claims against the Department of Natural Resources by third parties. The liability of the Department of Natural Resources for damage regardless of the form of the action shall not exceed any distribution fees that may have been paid in obtaining Spatial Data.Report on a community of microscopic organisms, Archaea, found deep in an Idaho hot spring living on hydrogen and carbon dioxide that could possibly exist on other planets. Includes links to related studies, investigators, and microbiology.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesOverview of the types of maps sold and distributed by the USGS.The Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) from The National Map (TNM) defines the perimeter of drainage areas formed by the terrain and other landscape characteristics. The drainage areas are nested within each other so that a large drainage area, such as the Upper Mississippi River, will be composed of multiple smaller drainage areas, such as the Wisconsin River. Each of these smaller areas can further be subdivided into smaller and smaller drainage areas. The WBD uses six different levels in this hierarchy, with the smallest averaging about 30,000 acres. The WBD is made up of polygons nested into six levels of data respectively defined by Regions, Subregions, Basins, Subbasins, Watersheds, and Subwatersheds. For additional information on the WBD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/wbd.html. The USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) service is a companion dataset to the WBD. The NHD is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD is available nationwide in two seamless datasets, one based on 1:24,000-scale maps and referred to as high resolution NHD, and the other based on 1:100,000-scale maps and referred to as medium resolution NHD. Additional selected areas in the United States are available based on larger scales, such as 1:5,000-scale or greater, and referred to as local resolution NHD. For more information on the NHD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/index.html. Hydrography data from The National Map supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. Hydrography data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, structures, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain WBD and NHD data in either Esri File or Personal Geodatabase, or Shapefile formats.Second report of a joint project with the Tianjin Geological Academy to study sedimentary rock-hosted Au deposits in China.Perform custom searches for bird count and bird habitat data or enter your bird count and vegetation data.WMSWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains the uppermost bedrock geology and major alluvial deposits located within the State of Missouri, compiled by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources (MoDNR), Division of Geology and Land Survey (DGLS), Geological Survey Program (GSP). This data is available in the following formats: ESRI rest service, WFS, WMS and downloadable geodatabase (.mdb).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Guide to major U.S. environmental statutes and corresponding regulations on air quality, fish and wildlife conservation, cultural and historic resources, solid and hazardous substances, public lands, farmlands, and water resources.These data are a set of ARC/INFO coverages composed of polygonal and linear features. Coverages are based on official New York State Freshwater Wetlands Maps as described in Article 24-0301 of the Environmental Conservation Law. Coverages are not, however, a legal substitute for the official maps. Coverages are available on a county basis for all areas of New York State outside the Adirondack Park.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Ship track of the R/V Seward Johnson during the "Operation Deep Scope 2007" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 17 through 27, 2007. This track was based on the hourly ship's position from the Virtual Instrument Data System (VIDS) provided by the University of Miami Marine Technology Group at Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.These images were created by combining the estimates of the mean bottom to surface temperature differences to produce seasonal representations for winter, spring, summer and fall. Winter includes the months of January, February and March; spring includes the months of April, May and June; summer includes the months of July, August and September; fall includes the months of October, November and December. Estimates of bottom to surface temperature differences (Delta t) were originally obtained from the Naval Research Laboratory at the Stennis Space Center (NRL/SSC). NRL/SSC derived these estimates from a reanalysis of NRL/SSC Intra-Americas Sea Ocean Nowcast/Forecast System (IASNFS). The NRL IASNFS is a 3-dimensional circulation model based on the Navy Coast Model (NCOM) (Ko et al. 2003). The model has a 1/24 degree resolution or about ~5.8 km at the northern Gulf of Mexico and 40 vertical layers. It covers the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea and uses Navy Global NCOM for the open boundary conditions. IASNFS assimilates satellite altimeter data from GFO, Jason-1, ERS-1/2, EnviSat and TOPEX and sea surface temperature from NOAA AVHRR and MODIS (Ko et al. 2008). The surface forcing includes wind, heat fluxes and sea level air-pressure derived from Navy operational global weather forecast model NOGAPS. The temperature differences were calculated from temperature at surface layer and at bottom layer or to 100 m depth and interpolated onto a 2 minute grid for northern Gulf Coast.The Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) radio telescope.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Midway Atoll. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Guidelines for correct tsunami response and community preparedness from local emergency managers, first-responders, and leading experts on tsunami hazards and warnings.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Protect Your Home in a FLASH Search Protect Your Home in a FLASH - The official blog of the Federal Alliance for Safe Homes (FLASH)Search the University of St Andrews websiteOriginally published in 1987, this general-interest booklet has been revised in anticipation of the Centennial of the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (HVO) in January 2012.The U.S. Geological Survey uses remote sensing to improve fire-management databases in the Everglades, gain insights into post-fire land-cover dynamics, and develop spatial and temporal fire-scar data for habitat and hydrologic modeling.This expedition represents the culmination of ongoing collaboration between National Institute for Undersea Science and Technology- Ocean Biotechnology Center and Repository and University of New Hampshire explorers that use technical diving to characterize deep reef communities and to assess the organisms for their biotechnology potential. Marc Slattery and company have experience working in the twilight zone of the Bahamas and Cayman Islands, and preliminary data from these studies indicate that the deep reef sponges are significantly more bioactive and biodiverse than the surrounding shallow reefs. To date, the Indo-Pacific deep reefs have been relatively unexplored despite the fact that this region encompasses far more biodiversity than the Caribbean.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This map layer portrays major dams of the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The map layer was created by extracting dams 50 feet or more in height, or with a normal storage capacity of 5,000 acre-feet or more, or with a maximum storage capacity of 25,000 acre-feet or more, from the 79,777 dams in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers National Inventory of Dams. This is a replacement for the April 1994 map layer.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Location, type, mineralogy, name, tonnage and grade, and geological setting for 120 deposits of this typeThe Q3 Flood Data are derived from the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMS) published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The file is georeferenced to earth's surface using geographic projection and decimal degree coordinate system. The specifications for the horizontal control of Q3 Flood Data files are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:24000. The user is encouraged to refer to the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA SPECIFICATIONS' manual and the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA USERS GUIDE' for complete information on the technical details of the Q3 data, its attributes, its uses, and limitations.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The TIGER/Line Files include both incorporated places (legal entities) and census designated places or CDPs (statistical entities). An incorporated place is established to provide governmental functions for a concentration of people as opposed to a minor civil division (MCD), which generally is created to provide services or administer an area without regard, necessarily, to population. Places always nest within a State, but may extend across county and county subdivision boundaries. An incorporated place usually is a city, town, village, or borough, but can have other legal descriptions. CDPs are delineated for the decennial census as the statistical counterparts of incorporated places. CDPs are delineated to provide data for settled concentrations of population that are identifiable by name, but are not legally incorporated under the laws of the State in which they are located. The boundaries for CDPs often are defined in partnership with State, local, and/or tribal officials and usually coincide with visible features or the boundary of an adjacent incorporated place or another legal entity. CDP boundaries often change from one decennial census to the next with changes in the settlement pattern and development; a CDP with the same name as in an earlier census does not necessarily have the same boundary. The only population/housing size requirement for CDPs for the 2010 Census is that they must contain some housing and population. The boundaries of all 2010 Census incorporated places are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). The boundaries of all 2010 Census CDPs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).MARIS is an internet-based information sharing network that allows multiple states to provide a common set of variables via a single web interface. MARIS is not a ?dataset? but rather links specific content of multiple states? datasets. MARIS does not capture all of the information from a state?s aquatic dataset ? only a subset of data collected as part of aquatic species sampling surveys. The MARIS structure was developed by a consortium of state fish and wildlife agencies and implemented through contracts with various universities. Federal agency partners have provided the core funding for developing and implementing MARIS as well as broad guidance on the content of the system.BPI Zones are derived from gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Zones was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 4 classes (crest, depression, slope, flat) in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Swains Island, American Samoa.Chapter 22 from the field manual of wildlife diseases providing basic information about avian influenza viruses.This Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) bare-earth classified LAS dataset is a topographic survey conducted for the USACE USVI LiDAR Project. These data were produced for The Corps of Engineers Jacksonville District. The USVI LiDAR Survey consists of the islands of St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John. The LiDAR point cloud was flown at a density sufficient to support the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) guidelines and specifications. The Atlantic Group acquired the USVI LiDAR Survey between November 16, 2007 and November 29, 2007. The USVI LiDAR survey was collected under the guidance of a Professional Mapper/Surveyor.Gianluca Della Vedova Search Gianluca Della Vedova -N/AThis data set represents the extent of the Unconsolidated-deposit aquifer in Alaska.Two cruises aboard the NOAA ship Townsend Cromwell were conducted during the following periods: 22 August-17 September 1990 and 18 February-9 March, 1992. Collectors included George Boehlert, Bruce Mundy, Ilse Hamann, Donald Kobayashi, Christopher Wilson, Ronald Yoshimoto, William Watson, and Christine Thacker. Plankton and midwater trawl samples were taken in the vicinity of Palmyra Atoll. Larvae were sampled below the surface with a 1 m2 multiple opening-closing net and environmental sensing system (MOCNESS), a 1 m diameter dropped ring net and light trap (in the atoll lagoon), and at the sea surface with a 0.49 m2 Manta net modified to take surface samples to a depth of 0.7 m. All plankton nets were constructed of 0.333 mm Nitex mesh. Estimates of water volumes filtered by both gear types were based on mechanical flowmeter readings. Samples were taken at a variety of depths. MOCNESS hauls were 12 minutes duration for each net (in 1990 targeting strata of 0-20, 20-40, 40-60, 60-80, 80-100, 100-120, 120-160, and 160-200 m; in 1992 targeting strata at 0-30, 30-60, and 60-100 m, with a few additional samples at 100-130 m), fished in a stepped oblique fashion from deep to shallow with mean tow speeds of approximately 75 cm/sec; the tow speed was adjusted to maintain a net mouth angle near 45". Neuston tows (0-0.75 m) were 24 minutes, taken during the mid-point of the MOCNESS tows. The drop net was used in the lagoon, targeting vertical samples at 0-10, 0-20, and 0-30 m. The light trap fished at the surface in the atoll lagoon at night. Juvenile fish were sampled with a Cobb Midwater trawl and a 1.8 m mouth-width Isaacs-Kidd midwater trawl, targeting depths of 0-120 m. All fish larvae and juveniles were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible by Bruce C. Mundy.These data contain basic information describing well logs and compiled by the Texas Bureau of Economic Geology, published as a downloadable file, ESRI Service, and as a Web Feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. The downloadable documents contain 9 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template, resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Data from 2,491 total well logs are included. Fields in the data table include Well Name, API Number, Ended Drilling Date, Well Type, Bottom Logged Interval,and Log Notes.OHDR has published Educational Facilities in Guinea as of 2007 on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.C3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSWMSMetallic and nonmetallic mineral resources throughout the world. Included are deposit name, location, commodity, deposit description, geologic characteristics, production, reserves, resources, and references.Explains the complex relationships between coal, mercury, and halogens in light of ongoing efforts to reduce the emission of mercury into the environment.Optical validation data were collected using the Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), a sled equipped with underwater video camera, still camera and lights. Camera sled deployments were conducted during the day, from the contracted vessel Bonavista II. Data were collected in American Samoa, around the islands of Ofu and Olosega to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts from November 2-12, 2012.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) builds and distributes digital elevation models (DEMs) that integrate ocean bathymetry and land topography to support NOAA's mission to understand and predict changes in Earth's environment, and conserve and manage coastal and marine resources to meet our Nation's economic, social, and environmental needs. Bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data used in DEM compilation are obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. National Ocean Service (NOS), the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to a variety of vertical tidal datums, generally Mean High Water, and horizontal datum of World Geodetic System 1984 (WGS84). Cell size is based on user requirements and generally range from 1/3 arc-second (~10 meters) to 24 arc-seconds.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThis project currently supports two main efforts: 1. A bi-weekly sampling regime of the hydrology and plankton along a transect over the Continental Shelf starting at Newport. This consistent survey has generated significant information on within year variability in the California Current Marine Ecosystem that has yielded valuable insights into the food web involving juvenile salmon. Parameters collected during this effort are used in forecasts for a number of species, assemblages, and ecosystems. 2. The SAIP work has supported studies of the prey field that juvenile salmon interact with. Some of this data is used in forecasts of juvenile salmon returns, and it is also helping to make possible some preliminary evaluations of hatchery wild interactions and other density-dependent questions. 0.5 m Vertical and 0.6 m Oblique Bongo TowsDesert surfaces are inherently fragile, and many land uses disrupt the thin crusts that typically protect the landscape from wind and water erosion. Depiction of the vulnerability of soils to wind erosion requires development of a wind-erosion GIS model, measurement of wind speed, direction, and duration at specific sites, experimentation using portable wind tunnels on disturbed and undisturbed geomorphic surfaces, and the development of GIS data layers depicting wind potential and other factors related to wind erosion. Increased water-erosion potential following disturbances is an important part of landscape vulnerability, and quantification of sediment yields allows an assessment of the natural variability in water-transported sediment and organic material, including seeds of native and non-native plants. One of the key landscape elements that minimizes both wind and water erosion is the presence and types of cryptobiotic crusts mantling soil surfaces. Soil crusts are an important process control on surficial erosion and also influence wind dispersal of vascular plants. A regional assessment will be conducted of the distribution and species composition of crusts, as well as their fragility to disturbance.Technical description of methods used to generate global slope data from SRTM topography dataLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.search hackpadNational-scale geochemical analysis of stream sediments and soils in the US collected and analyzed under the National Uranium Resource Evaluation program.The ASCII datasets contain pressure values measured at 10-min intervals at the seafloor and several subseafloor depths in two "Advanced CORK" hydrologic observatories installed by ODP in 2001 at Sites 808I and 1173B in the Nankai Trough subduction zone. The datasets were downloaded from logger memory using Japanese research submersibles at irregular intervals of 1-2 years. Currently there are 14 total datasets as follows: downloads at 808I in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, and 2012; downloads at 1173B in 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2011, and 2012. They should be of interest to scientists studying seismogenic processes at subduction zones. Please note that much of the data from 808I may be compromised by the lack of seal for the central bore. In addition, several of the valves on both installations were bumped open by a reentry camera frame during deployment, so the first year's installment of data from both sites was compromised until the valves were closed during the 2002 Kaiko operations. There are separate data files for each of the downloads. Each data file has a header of basic metadata that describes the contents of the columns and the respective checks on logger clock drift. Typically, the clock drift was checked just before each download, and the clocks were then reset to UTC immediately after the respective downloads. In three cases, the records of the logger times checks have been misplaced and the drifts computed from other clock checks (consistent from year to year at each site, order 1-2 minutes per year) are reported. Note that the times in the data files have not been corrected for the clock drift. Also, during some of the download operations, there were attempts to calibrate the relative offsets among gauges by opening the seafloor valves to apply seafloor pressure to all the gauges. These are not reflected in the main data files. The installations have battery power for 10-15 years of operation, longer with planned addition of supplemental batteries, so there should be future downloads to add to the archive. There are likely to be future JAMSTEC download opportunities at unpredictable intervals, hopefully every 1-2 years. At approximately 5 Mb/yr, future datasets should be approximately 5-10 Mb in size.Search the current edition of the CatalogWMSClimate Prediction Center (CPC) Palmer Drought Severity and Crop Moisture Indices are computed for the 344 U.S. Climate Divisions on a weekly basis based on a minimum of the previous 4 weeks (1 month) of observed temperatures and precipitation. Each climate division record includes a weekly averaged atmospheric temperature, precipitation, soil moisture in the upper and lower layers, percentage of flood capacity, potential evaporation, runoff, crop moisture and change from previous week, monthly moisture anomaly, preliminary or final Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI), and precipitation needed to end drought value. The CPC preliminary data are collected in near real-time from ground stations throughout the U.S., and are displayed in tabular form. The preliminary values are replaced by quality controlled data from the National Climatic Data Center with an approximate time lag of 3 to 6 months.The NOAA Hypoxia Watch project provides near-real-time, web-based maps of dissolved oxygen near the sea floor over the Texas-Louisiana continental shelf during a period that extends from early June to mid-July. The NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service Mississippi Laboratories at Pascagoula and Stennis Space Center and the NOAA National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC) at Stennis Space Center began the Hypoxia Watch project in 2001. Scientists aboard the NOAA Research Vessel Oregon II measure seawater properties, such as water temperature, salinity, chlorophyll, and dissolved oxygen at each of approximately 240 locations as the Oregon II cruises the waters south of Pascagoula, MS and then makes its way from Brownsville, Texas, to the mouth of the Mississippi River. A scientist aboard the ship processes the measurements from electronic dissolved oxygen sensors, checks the measurements periodically with chemical analyses of the seawater, then sends the data by e-mail to NCDDC at Stennis Space Center approximately every three to five days. Physical Scientists at NCDDC transform the dissolved oxygen measurements into contour maps, which identify areas of low oxygen, or hypoxia. During the 6-week cruise, as the data is received from the ship, NCDDC generates new maps and immediately publishes them on the web. The first map will usually cover an area off the Mississippi coast, successive maps will add areas of the continental shelf from Brownsville to Galveston, and the final map will usually cover the entire Texas-Louisiana-Mississippi coast. Maps are published every three to five days from approximately June 10 to July 20.As used in this assessment, "fire weather" is analogous to "extreme fire weather potential" used by Schmidt et al. (2002). The 3 main components of fire weather include temperature, humidity, and wind. We used average maximum temperature and average humidity (vapor pressure) for the month of August from DAYMET (http://www.ntsg.umt.edu/); and average surface wind speed for August from the ICBEMP (www.icbemp.gov). These data were 1000-m and 9317-m resolution, respectively. We "smoothed" the wind data by resampling it to 1000-m resolution so that it would have a similar resolution as the temperature and humidity data. A proxy for fire weather was then generated spatially by averaging the standardized values for the 3 weather variables: Wx_potential = (max_temp + (1- rel_humidity) + rel_wind_ros) / 3SourceWatch (en)Description of three types of severe coastal storm impacts: hurricane impacts on the southeast U.S., extra-tropical storm impacts on the U.S. west coast during El-Nino winters, and 'northeaster' impacts on the U.S. east coast.This data shows the boundaries of the DNR Division of Forestry administrative Areas for the State of MinnesotaTOMS_AI_G is an aerosol related dataset derived from the Total Ozone Monitoring Satellite (TOMS) Sensor. The TOMS aerosol index arises from absorbing aerosols such as dust and smoke in the upper layers of the atmosphere.A simplified geologic map, raw gravity and magnetic data, with derivative products including depth-to-source and rock densities, with limited interpretations of the underlying geology, structures, and mineral resources.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Airborne gravity data for Texas collected in 2009 over 1 survey. This data set is part of the Gravity for the Re-definition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) project initiated by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey to collect and monitor gravity data suitable for the re-definition of the vertical datum for at least the United States and territories. The data is available at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GRAV-D/data_cs04.shtml in ASCII text format.Open Data | data.kcmo.orgThis Flood Insurance Rate Maps and Base Flood Elevations, FIRM, DFIRM, BFE dataset, published at Not Applicable scale, was produced all or in part from Not Provided information as of Not Pro. It is described as 'Flood Insurance Rate Maps and Base Flood Elevations, FIRM, DFIRM, BFE - gisdb.water.S_BFE'. The extent of these data is generally Statewide Coverage in Arkansas. This metadata was auto-generated through the Ramona GIS Inventory System (www.gisinventory.net) and does not represent all information about this data set.This Web Feature Service delivers airports in the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The data were derived from an extract of the Public-Use Airports database of the National Transportation Atlas Databases-2010 (NTAD-2010), published by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Department of Transportation.This is a final impervious surface layer ready for distribution through NOAA CSC. The data set is an inventory of impervious surfaces for Tutuila, American Samoa, for the year 2005. Impervious surfaces prevent infiltration of precipitation into the soil, disrupting the water cycle and affecting both the quantity and quality of water resources. Impervious surfaces include manmade features such as building rooftops, parking lots and roads consisting of asphalt, concrete and/or compacted dirt. This data set utilized 4-band Quickbird scenes which were processed to detect impervious features of the Island of Tutuila in American Samoa.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The Global Historical Climatology Network - Daily (GHCN-Daily) dataset integrates daily climate observations from approximately 30 different data sources. Version 3 was released in September 2012 with the addition of data from two additional station networks. Changes to the processing system associated with the version 3 release also allowed for updates to occur 7 days a week rather than only on most weekdays. Version 3 contains station-based measurements from well over 90,000 land-based stations worldwide, about two thirds of which are for precipitation measurement only. Other meteorological elements include, but are not limited to, daily maximum and minimum temperature, temperature at the time of observation, snowfall and snow depth. Over 25,000 stations are regularly updated with observations from within roughly the last month. The dataset is also routinely reconstructed (usually every week) from its roughly 30 data sources to ensure that GHCN-Daily is generally in sync with its growing list of constituent sources. During this process, quality assurance checks are applied to the full dataset. Where possible, GHCN-Daily station data are also updated daily from a variety of data streams. Station values for each daily update also undergo a suite of quality checks.This layer contains data describing well headers in the state of Wisconsin, obtained by the AASG for the Geothermal Data Project. The data table includes general information on the location of the borehole, well construction information, location uncertainty and remarks. Information sources are included in the dataset. The HeaderURI for a particular borehole is the cross-referencing link (foreign key) used to associate the borehole with web based information on the well construction, pictures or other information, specific to one feature. The data is displayed using a circle with a transparent center. Layer files containing the symbology for these data layers can be found in the USGIN repository at http://repository.usgin.org/uri_gin/usgin/dlio/532.In 2008, the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary (MNMS) commenced a multiyear project focusing on shipwreck sites associated with the Battle of the Atlantic. During WWII, this was the closest theater of war to the continental United States. Directly off the coast of North Carolina remains a collection of nearly 200 shipwrecks from one of the most significant battles in one of the most historic wars in world history. In previous years, MNMS and partners have collected data and completed archaeological surveys of four sites. Additionally, with OER support, the 2009 field season conducted a multibeam sonar and ROV survey to discover and document previously unknown deep-water shipwrecks. Several targets were identified, which would benefit from more detailed characterization using advanced imaging technology.Giovanni MODIS Online Visualization and Analysis System (MOVAS)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Ship traffic for the State of Hawaii, identifying the number of times a vessel occupied each square kilometer during the period 2008-2009. The Automatic Identification System (AIS) is an internationally-recognized shipboard broadcast system that communicates information to shore-based stations and other AIS-equipped ships. The United States Coast Guard (USCG) has developed rules applicable to both U.S. and foreign vessels that require owners and operators of most commercial vessels to install and use AIS to increase security and safety of maritime transportation. PacIOOS obtained AIS data from the USCG Nationwide AIS (NAIS) project. While specific times for ship locations were redacted, the data represent a cumulation over the two-year period 2008-2009 from which ship frequency was computed at 1-km resolution.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.This file depicts the redistricted boundary of the four (4) Congressional Districts of Arkansas enacted by Act 1242 of the 88th General Assembly of the State Legislature. The file contains attribute information about the districts such as district number, and the population of each district, and other related information.Access is provided to seismic data, image files of seismic data, well logs, and cores of petroleum reserves in Alaska from the National Petroleum Reserve, Alaska, and (NPRA) Legacy Data Archive.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.West Sound Technology Asscoiation holding technology and business focused meetings in the West Puget Sound regionThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Madagascar (en)This data set portrays the Public Land Surveys of the United States, including areas of private survey, Donation Land Claims, and Land Grants and Civil Colonies. This is a revised version of the May, 2002 data set.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Pearl and Hermes. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.Data as of 2009, includes facility name, facility power capacity, number of turbines associated with each facility to date, facility developer, facility ownership, year the facility went online, and development status of wind facility.The U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean region Mapping service includes data released for the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean region. Data sets from various USGS/CMGP Gulf of Mexico seafloor mapping surveys have been integrated into the web mapping service. The map service includes data layer such as backscatter and sidescan sonar mosaics, bottom photo locations, sediment samples, ship navigation, geologic interpretations etc.Photographic survey of the impacts of Hurricane Katrina on the barrier islands, barrier shoreline, and the Mississippi River Delta along the Louisiana coastline. Primary focus is on the ecosystems such as fish, rookeries, and seagrass beds.Archive of feature stories on volcanic features on the Big Island, guided tours of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, eruptions and eventful earthquakes, and other topics about the work of scientists at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.Characteristics of 785 deposits, including grade, tonnage, rocks, mineralogy, and referencesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.How much water do you use to water your lawn, wash your car, or fill your swimming pool? Your answers to these questions have important implications for water supplies. A survey in this area showed the types of users and the ways in which water is used.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesScientific data from the Pacific Islands Ocean Observing System (PacIOOS) of the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology (SOEST) at the University of Hawaii. PacIOOS is one of eleven regional observing programs in the U.S. supporting the Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS). The PacIOOS region includes the U.S. Pacific Region (Hawaii, Guam, American Samoa, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands), the Pacific nations in Free Association with the U.S. (Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau), and the U.S. Minor Outlying Islands (Howland, Baker, Johnston, Jarvis, Kingman, Palmyra, Midway, Wake). These data are served by Unidata's Thematic Realtime Environmental Distributed Data Services (THREDDS) Data Server (TDS) in a variety of interoperable data services and output formats.Links to streamflow, surface and ground water, water quality, flood, drought, and precipitation data in real-time and for historic time periods for Massachusetts and Rhode Island.These ESRI shape files are of National Park Service tract and boundary data that was created by the Land Resources Division. Tracts are numbered and created by the regional cartographic staff at the Land Resources Program Centers and are associated to the Land Status Maps. This data should be used to display properties that NPS owns and properties that NPS may have some type of interest such as scenic easements or right of ways.WMSPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationSystematic survey of soil geochemistry and mineralogy in the conterminous USWe estimated mean volumes of 27.6 billion barrels of oil, 441.1 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 13.77 billion barrels of natural gas liquids in these areas using a geology-based assessment methodology.Data and information collected by the submersible Johnson Sea-Link II at waypoints along its track during fourteen dives of the 2003 "Investigating the Charleston Bump" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 2 through August 16, 2003. Measurements and information include sub's position and depth; personnel assignments; dive, mission, target, and vehicle ID's; dive comments; hyperlinks to CTD plots; water temperature; and salinity. The Marine Operations Division of the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution provided the original submersible data. Quality assurance included a comparsion and synchronization of dive log waypoint depths and CTD depths, review of minimum and maximum values, and deletion of bad values.Report: Brett, CP. 1981. Operations Report on Project 81/05. A Geophysical Survey in the Eastern English Channel. (IGS Report No 121) There were two objectives of this project, the first being to complete the regional survey of the Dungeness-Boulogne sheet of the IGS 1:250000 map series. The second objective was to carry out a gravity and megnetic survey in the Caen and Rouen sheets, in order to complete the gravity coverage of the entire English Channel. A secondary objective was to run a few isolated gravity lines in Bournemouth Bay and off Dartmouth to fill in small gaps in the existing data.This Digital Elevation Model (DEM) of the bedrock surface elevation in Iowa was compiled using all available data, principally information from GEOSAM, supplemented with well and boring information from the Iowa DOT, exposure reports from Iowa Geological & Water Survey reports and files, and the Department of Soil Conservation county soil maps for Iowa. The soil maps were especially valuable, since they identified soils that encountered bedrock within the soil horizon, and less dependably also spot-located rock exposures. A 50 foot contour interval was chosen for the map because it was considered to best represent the accuracy of the well data, allowed for fairly good representation of the bedrock surface in areas with limited well control, and was mappable in high relief areas (the contours packed so close together that it precluded mapping or forced the software to snap-join contours). The 50 foot contour interval also allowed areas where bedrock was present within the soil horizon (2-3 feet) to be treated as areas of exposures. In these areas the bedrock elevation was mapped as only slightly below the surface elevation, so contours on the 7 ' topographic maps were closely followed in mapping the bedrock elevation. Consequently, on the completed map of bedrock elevation, these areas display much more contorted and crenulated contour lines than the areas where only drill control was utilized.WMS Service for RGIS dataset 2013 FEMA Cross Sections (adca193c-7758-46be-90ae-31de439933d6)A compendium of previously published databases and database records that describe PGE, nickel, and chromium deposits and occurrences.Overview of interdisciplinary research studies in Glacier National Park to understand how this mountain wilderness responds to present climatic variability and other external stressors, such as air pollution, and links to detailed reports.Results (*.pdf) of a 1998 targeted reconnaissance survey on the sources of radium, polonium, and lead radionuclides, data collection and laboratory methods, existing occurrences in drinking water, risk assessments, and compliance monitoring.WMSSelection of photographic images of the Long Valley area that illustrate the consequences of the past geologic history of the Sierra Nevada, Long Valley Caldera, the Mono-Inyo Craters volcanic chain, glaciation, and faulting.N/AArsenic and nitrate are the constituents found most commonly at high concentrations in the primary aquifers. Arsenic comes from natural sources and is affected by pH and dissolved oxygen.Core web page from America's first wildlife experiment station and a leading wildlife management refuge, the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center, Laurel, Maryland with links to projects, publications, library, contacts, and how to get there.One of the original Minnesota Land Management Information System (MLMIS) data sets created in the 1970's, this dataset describes the state's land use patterns in 1969. Nine land use/land cover classes, interpreted from high altitude air photos, are recorded for each 40-acre parcel in the state. These classes include: forested; cultivated; water; marsh; urban residential; extractive; pasture and open; urban non-residential or mixed residential; and transportation. MLMIS data sets were created by grid cell coding a value for each 40-acre parcel in the state. The file was later subdivided into 100-meter by 100-meter grid cells and spatially corrected to provide improved geographic reference. However, this processing step does not improve on the 40-acre resolution of the original data set.Lophelia.org is a comprehensive cold-water coral resource, collating information on the deep-sea, cold-water coral ecosystems, biodiversity and key species. The site features a large kid's zone and free cold-water coral and deep-sea screen savers.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Numerous downloadable software packages for carrying out analyses, modeling, and ancillary calculations in earthquake research and monitoring.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemExplains the purposes and goals of USGS research and monitoring activities that focus on energy and mineral resources and the potential problems that may result from exploitation of those resources.This is a shape file used in the Pocatello _Imagery.gif to depict the DOQQ's of the Pocatello region which are available hrough the GIS Training and Research Center.WMS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census Block Group State-based (715663ba-c1c3-414c-84a7-c671526f8316)Links to various earthquake projects, facts, science fair ideas, earthquake science, becoming an earthquake scientist, image glossary, earthquake facts, and puzzles and games for children.Dr. Christopher Jenkins of the University of Colorado Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR), produced this data hypercube derived from the prime data (exclusive of G.R.A.P.E. and logging data) of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP). The Deep-Sea Drilling Project legacy data on the lithologies and physical properties of core recoveries is reprocessed into a uniformly formatted, integrated dataset which can be worked on in a wide range of software applications for query, analysis, mapping and visualization. The goal is to create a dataset which is able to be used efficiently across many science disciplines, especially in the fields of global change, ocean management and earth sciences research. The hypercube data model allows scientists and others to easily comprehend and work with the data layout and content. The integration has employed methods of standardization, linguistic parsing, error trapping, uncertainty analysis, and presentation that have developed and been validated over a decade of use in dbSEABED, for marine ecology, resources, engineering, research and survey. Nevertheless integration of the DSDP dataset has been challenging, not all the DSDP data could be treated successfully.Explains how we use cobalt, where it comes from, and whether we have enough available.Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 8 sites at Saipan in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 12 - 22 May 2007 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise (HI0702). Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes by genus, and determination of benthic cover using the line-intercept method. Depending on colony density, 0.5 or 1 m on each side of the transect lines was included in the belt (for a total of 25-100m2 per site).This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of the north shore of Buck Island, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. XYZ values are derived from a 5m resolution gridding process. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath uncertainty with footprint size 3*3. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.This georeferenced image represents unified 20 meter bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in 2004 and 2005.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04 and 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The projects were conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A team of underwater archaeologists from across the country, led by James Adovasio and Andy Hemmings of Mercyhurst University, will be diving at two sites off Florida?s Gulf Coast that was first visited in 2009. At each of these locations, electronic documentation was made of intact river channel features of the Pleistocene Suwannee River which are now filled with multiple layers of sediment. This previous work has helped to decide exactly where the team excavated through the sands of the modern seafloor.Describes and explains why and how USGS and its cooperators operate about 7,500 stream gages nationwide, the types of information we obtain from them, and the problems that can be addressed as a result.Fraud.org is a project of the National Consumers LeagueLand Cover on Publicly Accessible Wildlife Management AreasThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.OpenWetWare (en)Links to ongoing mineral resources projects in the Western Region of the United States plus links to offices and staff of the Western Mineral Resources Team.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationExplanation of common water properties including temperature, pH, specific conductance, turbidity, dissolved oxygen, hardness and suspended sediment for students and general public.DSpace at Mote Marine Laboratory DSpace at Mote Marine Laboratory DSpace repositoryHomepage to access a large number of photograph collections on many subjects including national parks, ecosystems, plants and animals, and geologic features.This map layer contains impervious surface data for the conterminous United States, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at .N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Access to downloadable GIS databases including the Global Digital Elevation Model (DEM), remotely sensed products, data on world energy and mineral deposits, biodiversity, and geologic hazards for use with ArcView or free software.Transit mapping operations will collect bathymetry, sub-bottom profiles, water column backscatter, and seafloor backscatter over the continental shelf and Claypile Bank in accordance with request from the scientific community. Survey mapping operations will collect continuous bathymetry, sub-bottom profiles, water column backscatter, and seafloor backscatter over the area to the south of Flower Garden Banks NMS, also in accordance with the scientific community. Data will provide details about biological habitats in the area and improve understanding of the ecological connection between mid-water and deepwater biological communities. During EX-14-02 Leg 2, multibeam, single beam, and sub-bottom profile data will be collected 24 hours a day and XBT casts will be conducted at an interval defined by prevailing oceanographic conditions, but not to exceed 6 hours.Links to standards prepared under the National Mapping Program to produce and maintain top quality mapping and geospatial data products. Documents may be viewed and downloaded in PDF and HTML formats with links to related information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to general information on water supply by aquifers based on rock types and to principal national aquifers by name.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.University of Delaware Institutional Repository University of Delaware Institutional Repository DSpace repositoryOverview of water-related scientific programs in Hawaii and Pacific islands (Northern Marianas, Guam, Palau, and American Samoa). Links to programs on hydrologic data collection, ground water availability, and surface runoff.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2002-08-13; Survey End: 2002-08-13; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;This dataset is a compilation of Active Fault features compiled by the California Geological Survey, published as a Web feature service, a web map service, an ESRI service and as a series of Excel spreadsheets for the National Geothermal Data System. The spreadsheets contain 7 worksheets, including information about the template, instructions on using the template, notes related to revisions of the template, Resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Each feature in an active fault data set (row in this spreadsheet) should be characterized by a unique combination of name, URI, geologic history, slip, locatability and orientation properties, as well as being physically connected or inferred to be connected in the Earth. For mapped active faults ,which are the scope of this scheme, the deformation style is assumed to be brittle (as opposed to ductile).Fields in the data table include FeatureURI, Name, FullName, ParentFeatureURI, Label, Description, Symbol, OtherID, SpecificationURI, FeatureType, GeologicHistory, RepresentativeAgeURI, YoungerAgeURI, OlderAgeURI, IntervalSinceMovement, Shape, ObservationMethod, PositionAccuracyMeters, PositionAccuracy, Displacement, SlipRate, SlipAccumulationInterval, MovementType, MovementSense, DipDirection, DateMostRecentEvent, RecurrenceInterval, TotalSlip, Source and MetadataURI.The nowCOAST 'guidance' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing Forecast Model Guidance visualizations from various oceanographic forecast systems developed by the National Ocean Service and the U.S. Navy. The 'guidance' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 15 towboard surveys (38.448 km in length), were conducted at Lisianski Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands from 08 September - 06 October 2000 as part of RAMP Cruise TC0011. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.Location and mineralogical characteristics of former mines, prospects, and occurrences of asbestos in the continental US. No asbestos producing mines are currently active. Data here are drawn from several previously published reports.Gridded bathymetry (60m) of the shelf and slope environments of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, USA within UTM Zone 4. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 5000 meters. The ASCII includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM120, EM1002, EM300, and EM3002d multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 500 meters.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Methane emissions from the sea floor affect methane inputs into the atmosphere, ocean acidification and de-oxygenation, the distribution of chemosynthetic communities and energy resources. Global methane flux from seabed cold seeps has only been estimated for continental shelves, at 8 to 65 Tg CH4 yr 1, yet other parts of marine continental margins are also emitting methane. The US Atlantic margin has not been considered an area of widespread seepage, with only three methane seeps recognized seaward of the shelf break. However, massive upper-slope seepage related to gas hydrate degradation has been predicted for the southern part of this margin, even though this process has previously only been recognized in the Arctic. Here we use multibeam water-column backscatter data that cover 94,000 km2 of sea floor to identify about 570 gas plumes at water depths between 50 and 1,700 m between Cape Hatteras and Georges Bank on the northern US Atlantic passive margin. About 440 seeps originate at water depths that bracket the updip limit for methane hydrate stability. Contemporary upper-slope seepage there may be triggered by ongoing warming of intermediate waters, but authigenic carbonates observed imply that emissions have continued for more than 1,000 years at some seeps. Extrapolating the upper-slope seep density on this margin to the global passive margin system, we suggest that tens of thousands of seeps could be discoverable.USGS water resources home page for New Mexico with links to hydrologic studies and real-time and long-term data on streamflow, ground and surface water, and water quality plus map of basins.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Depicts observer locations along the North Carolina coast where visualization studies were performed to simulate offshore wind facilities development views.ATAD TrajectoryMaterials released from spill incidents reported to Iowa DNR and tracked in the Hazardous Substance Incident database. These Emergency Release Notifications are tracked for Section 304 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (EPCRA) and 567 IAC Chapter 131.ROV exploration of the Northeast U.S. Deepwater Canyons complementing and continuing the work of the 2012 ACUMEN expedition. The two legs of EX1304 will perform systematic exploration, investigating deep water areas in and along the northeast canyons off the U.S. East Coast.This data set contains annual quantities and value for all seafood products that are landed and sold by established seafood dealers and brokers in the Southeast Region (North Carolina through Texas). These types of data, referred to as the general canvass landings statistics, have been collected by the NOAA Fisheries Service, National Marine Fisheries Service and its predecessor agency, the Bureau of Commercial Fisheries. The data are available on computer since the early 1960's. The quantities and values that are reported in this data set include the annual landings that were initiated in 1962. Beginning in 1976, the data were collected monthly. See the sections on Links for the reference to the monthly general canvass landings. The annual general canvass landings include quantities and value for all living marine species and are identified by species (usually the local or common name). These data were collected by field agents employed by the National Marine Fisheries Service or the Bureau of Commercial Fisheries and assigned to local fishing ports. The agents contacted the majority of the seafood dealers or brokers in their assigned areas and recorded the quantities and value for each species or species category from the sales receipts maintained by the seafood dealers. In addition, information on the gear and area of capture is available for most of the landings statistics in the data set. Based on their knowledge of the fishing activity in the area, the agents would estimate the type of fishing gear and area where the fishing was likely to have occurred. More detailed information on the caveats associated with these data is provided in the Characteristics, Caveats and Issues section. However, because these data are summaries, they do not contain information on the quantities of fishing effort or identifications of the fishermen or vessels that caught the fish or shellfish.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. This tile is provided as a digital ortho quarter-quarter-quadrangle (DOQQQ) 1-foot ground resolution, image cast on the State Plane South coordinate system on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQQQ is equivalent to a quarter-quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQQQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic Information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between December 29, 2005 and February 4, 2006Description of the priority ecosystems studies initiative with links to projects in Chesapeake Bay, Greater Yellowstone, Mojave Desert, Platte River, Salton Sea, San Francisco, and south Florida.Marine Themes Digital Elevation Model (DEM) of the Seabed generated from single beam echo sounder (SBES) and multi beam echo sounder (MBES), where available, and Electronic Navigational Chart (ENC) or GEBCO derived data where not. The 1 arc second resolution data set is divided and supplied as 0.5 degree x 0.5 degree tiles. The 6 arc second resolution data set is divided and supplied as 2.0 degree x 2.0 degree tiles. The coastline used in the DEM is based on the High Water Line extracted the largest scale Electronic Navigational Chart (ENC) available for a given area, edited to be contiguous and attributed by height extracted from the Vertical Offshore Reference Frame (VORF). A vector coverage layer indicating the provenance of the source data used to create the DEM is supplied and a confidence grid is available on request.This open-file report presents the results of the USGS Mineral Resources Program activity to compile a national-scale geologic map database to support national and regional level projects, including mineral resource and geo-environmental assessments. The only comprehensive sources of regional- and national-scale geologic maps are state geologic maps with scales ranging from 1:100,000 to 1:1,000,000. Digital versions of these state maps form the core of what is presented here. Because no adequate geologic map exists for the state of Alaska, it is being compiled in regional blocks that also form part of this national database. It is expected that this series will completed by approximately the end of 2007. These maps and databases are being released in blocks of states or, in the case of Alaska, as compiled blocks of 1:250,000-scale quadrangles as chapters in this series. For Alaska, formal maps as well as databases are being published here, whereas for the conterminous U.S. only state databases and preview graphics are presented, because published maps for most states already exist. For Alaska these regional compilations will form the base for compiling a new geologic map of the state. As documented in Chapter A, standards for the conterminous U.S. are somewhat different than those for Alaska and Hawaii.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search for University of Salford web contentThe North Dakota Game and Fish Department (NDGF) interactive maps services provide the user with a vast amount of data and functionality all available through the web browser. These map services offer a rich user experience with additional functionality, tools and widgets. Users can interact with the map features and customize the map they desire. Some of these maps services are optimized for mobile devices. With responsive design these applications will format according to the device form (desktop, tablet, handheld).This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.Use of hydroacoustics by the USGS in Indiana to make streamflow measurements using Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCPs) and other hydroacoustic current meters.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geographic and scientific information focused on health issues in the area of the US-Mexico borderUnder construction.WMSInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on MicrobesOHDR has published Water Courses in Liberia as of 2007 on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.Using a geology-based assessment methodology, we estimated means of 565 billion barrels of conventional oil and 5,606 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered conventional natural gas in 171 priority geologic provinces of the world, exclusive of the U.S.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThis is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesUSGS geonames data.Enables locating and ordering aerial photography produced under the National Aerial Photography Program (NAPP)from the EROS data center with links to product description, prices, search & order, custom enlargements and certification.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Rio Grande Channel, Northern Mesilla Valley, NM, before 1844 (8186ef0e-c7af-4002-9759-1c3432db4758)Constructed farm ponds represent significant breeding, rearing, and overwintering habitat for amphibians in the Driftless Area Ecoregion of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Iowa. Links to fact sheet, brochure, annual reports, field manual, and final report.The ENC_Approach map service displays data compiled for ENC products with a scale range of 1:50,001 and 1:150,000. The ENC data used within this application will be updated weekly. This map service is not intended for navigation purpose.Loughborough University Institutional Repository Loughborough University Institutional Repository DSpace repositoryWFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for Sandoval County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (af0cfad6-af54-4476-af7a-89328c7d81e8)These files contain topographic lidar data in LAS 1.2 format classified as ground (2) and unclassified (1) in accordance with the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ASPRS) classification standards. Rejected or invalid data is classified as noise (7). These data were collected by a HawkEye II (HEII) lidar sensor. The HEII integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, and a digital camera on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the MA coastline, from the waterline onshore 500 meters. Native lidar data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages are used to process the native lidar data into 3D positions that can be imported into GIS software for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are acquired to the NAD83 ellipsoid. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID09 model was used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The 3D position data are sub-divided into a series of files each covering approximately 5 kilometers of shoreline.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data provides global area coverage at 0.1 degrees resolution. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The NOAA Coral Reef Watch (CRW) Enhanced 50-km (E-50) Satellite Nighttime Sea Surface Temperature (SST) product is part of the CRW experimental near-real-time global Enhanced 50-km (E-50) satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite that enhances the CRW operational near-real-time global 50-km satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite. The enhanced (E-50) product suite was launched on September 30, 2009. Its counterpart, the operational product suite, was implemented initially in 2000. Both product suites provide updated monitoring information twice-weekly. This metadata file provides information on the E-50 SST product for both the most recent near-real-time updates and the archived E-50 SST product, dating back to October 2007, when the E-50 SST product first became available. The E-50 SST product provides one major improvement over the current operational 50-km SST product: full coastal coverage. The E-50 SST product produces SST data for areas closer to the coast globally. This is achieved through the use of a higher-resolution land mask and retrieval of satellite data in coastal regions excluded from analysis by the operational land mask. Availability of satellite data for coastal areas greatly improves monitoring of coral reef ecosystems, the majority of which occur along coasts. While the current operational SST product enables direct monitoring of only 40% of the world's coral reefs, this E-50 SST product uses the new 50-km land mask to provide SST monitoring for more than 99% of 50-km pixels that contain coral reefs globally. The E-50 SST product is derived from near-real-time satellite data from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on some of NOAA's Polar Orbiting Environmental Satellites (POES), as with the operational SST. CRW's entire experimental enhanced 50-km satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite is based on this enhanced AVHRR SST product. Related details, as well as other important information, are provided on the E-50 portion of the CRW web site: http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/e50/index.php. The E-50 SST product is available in static image and Google Earth formats. The product, its detailed description, and available data formats and delivery mechanisms are accessible at http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite, along with general CRW product information and access to other CRW products.Search -WMS Service for RGIS dataset Cadastral PLSS Standardized Data - PLSSIntersected (Tucumcari) - Version 1.1 (88ab55e3-d714-45ee-a6de-aec4d559bb01)Description of research projects in progress to make accurate landslide hazard maps and forecasts of landslide occurrences.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Intermap DEMs populate its data store. The DEM products are generated using Intermap's STAR technology (Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar). The system ismounted in an aircraft. The Digital Terrain Model (DTM) data product was derived from the Digita Surface Model (DSM) using Intermap's proprietory algorithm. The DTM data for 7.5-minute by 7.5-minute units correspond to the USGS 1:24,000 scale topographic quadrangle map series for areas in the United States and throughout the world. Each tile provides full coverage with overlap into adjacent tiles. Data for locations above 56 degrees North/South are licensed in 7.5-minute by 15-minute tiles.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The Section database contains (known line work / or source information) from the USGS Topographic Maps, Bureau of Land Management General Land Office Records, Arkansas County Assessor s Office, Clay County Assessor s Office, Crittenden County Assessor s Office, Cross County Assessor s Office, Desha County Assessor s Office, Greene County Assessor s Office, Jefferson County Assessor s Office, Lee County Assessor s Office, Logan County Assessor s Office, Monroe County Assessor s Office, Phillips County Assessor s Office, Pulaski County Assessor s Office, St. Francis County Assessor s Office, White County Assessor s Office, Yell County Assessor s Office, State of Arkansas Land Commission, and Arkansas Department of Agriculture (State Surveyors Office).As a member of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Council on the Ocean (MARCO), Virginia, through its Coastal Zone Management (CZM) Program, collected information on how the public uses the Atlantic coast of Virginia through a two day particpatory GIS workshop in July of 2012. These baseline data were collected to inform planning efforts being undertaken by Virginia CZM to help develop a Virginia Ocean Plan, to help Virginia CZM and the Accomack-Northampton Planning District Commission (A-NPDC) to continue development of the Seaside Special Area Management Plan, and to be incorporated into a regional recreational ocean use dataset that will eventually be displayed on the MARCO data portal. Collecting data on the variety of ways the public uses the Seaside Bays and Atlantic Ocean will help to plan for reducing use conflicts in our coastal waters, maximizing efficiency, and enhancing environmental and economic productivity. State and federally managed waters of Virginia and the U.S. are used in many ways: commercial fishing, aquaculture, shipping, military exercises, sand mining, habitat for wildlife, and recreation. With new and expanding coastal and ocean uses emerging such as energy production and increased shipping and considering Virginias coastal population is increasing (from 3.6 million in 1986 to 5.1 million in 2010), the pressure is mounting to ensure that there is space for both traditional and new uses and that conflicts are minimized. Some mapped human use data existed, but prior to this project, Virginia had no recreational water use data for its Atlantic coast and Seaside Eastern Shore Bays. This data was colected using the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Marine Protected Areas (MPA) Center Participatory Mapping Method: http://marineprotectedareas.noaa.gov/dataanalysis/mapping_ocean_uses/welcome.htmlThis data is available to view on the Virginia CZM Program's online mapping portal, Coastal GEMS, at www.coastalgems.orgData from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThis dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 3x3 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of several deep coral priority areas off the Atlantic Coast of Florida, derived from data collected in November 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Ron Brown, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off the Atlantic Coast of Florida from the Lost Coast Explorer on 10/28/2010 to 10/31/2010. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg EM 710 multibeam echosounder (70 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 17 north, NAD83 datum. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. The CARIS Export option "BASE Surface to Image" was then used to create a GeoTiff of the priority areas. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRI's Spatial Analyst extension.Department of Economics - University of OxfordNGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 2x2 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 3 sites at Laysan Island in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands in September, 2002 from the NOAA vessel Townsend Cromwell (TC02-07). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes, and visual estimaion of percent cover. Either 0.5m or 1m on each side of the transect lines were included in the belt (for a total of 50m2 or 100m2 per site), depending on colony density.Habari Project (en)USGS water resources home page for North Dakota with links to hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, droughts, and water quality plus district and publications information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the Free Online Dictionary of Computing.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesSummarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this state.Use google to search docs.enlightenment.org.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Founded in June 1973, the Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute (HURI) serves as a focal point for graduate and undergraduate students, fellows, and associates pursuing research in Ukrainian language, literature, and history as well as in anthropology, archaeology, art history, economics, political science, sociology, theology, and other disciplines.Hoarding behavior preserved prehistoric materials we can use as clues to ancient climate and ecosystem changes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to research at the field stations of the Western Ecological Research Center with direct links to web pages for wildlife videos, satellite telemetry, fire ecology, invasive species, herpetology field guide, and coastal ecosystems.WMSThe USGS Ferromanganese Crust data set was compiled by F.T. Manheim and C.M. Lane-Bostwick of the U.S. Geological Survey, Woods Hole, MA. The data set consists of tables corresponding the USGS Open-File Report 89-020 "Chemical Composition of Ferromanganese Crusts in the World Oceans: A Review and Comprehensive Database." Data include excerpts from the SIO nodule file, the NGDC marine minerals data base, Japanese sources, a Ph.D. thesis, analyses performed at the Bureau of Mines, and analyses performed at other laboratories under the direction of the USGS. These data are also included on the NOAA and MMS Marine Minerals CD-ROM data set released by NGDC in October of 1992. The USGS crust are also available for download from NGDC's Web server.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Address Ranges Relationship File (ADDR.dbf) contains the attributes of each address range. Each address range applies to a single edge and has a unique address range identifier (ARID) value. The edge to which an address range applies can be determined by linking the address range to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) using the permanent topological edge identifier (TLID) attribute. Multiple address ranges can apply to the same edge since an edge can have multiple address ranges. Note that the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge already appears in the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp). The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.The coastal vulnerability index (CVI)provides a preliminary overview, at a National scale, of the relative susceptibility of the Nation's coast to sea-level rise. This initial classification is based upon variables including geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tide range, wave height, relative sea-level rise, and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables and the association of these variables to each other furnish a broad overview of coastal regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise. To make this coastal vulnerability index data more accessible to the public and other agencies, the USGS created this web service. This web service was created utilizing ESRI ArcServer. Vector layers were collected, organized by the coastal regions of the U.S., U.S. Atlantic, Pacific and Gulf of Mexico Coasts, and symbology made consistent among similar data sets. This service meets open geospatial consortium standards. The geographic information system (GIS) data layers from this web service are cataloged by region for ease of access.USGS Archive for preservation and access for satellite remote sensing data and imagery (Landsat and AVHRR). Links to locating and ordering imagery, international collaborators, advisory committee, and Earthshots (satellite photos.).Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsArcIMS 9.2.0 DBCP Web Map ServiceDoxygen SearchLEOs Russisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Russisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Russischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.Links to New Jersey ground-water data including hydrogeology with a geologic map and description of major aquifers, water levels including real-time data and drought levels, and water-quality information.The USGS Land Cover service from The National Map (TNM) consists of NLCD 1992, 2001, 2006, and 2011, which are National Land Cover Database (NLCD) classification schemes based primarily on Landsat satellite data along with ancillary data sources, such as topography, census and agricultural statistics, soil characteristics, wetlands, and other land cover maps. NLCD 1992 is a 21-class land cover classification scheme that has been applied consistently across the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters. NLCD 2001 is a 16-class land cover classification scheme that also has been applied to the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters, and includes Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. NLCD 2006 quantified land cover change for the conterminous U.S. between the years 2001 to 2006. Generation of NLCD 2006 helped identify and correct issues in the 2001 land cover and impervious surface products only, and no changes were made to the 2001 canopy product. NLCD 2011 is the most recent national land cover product based primarily on a decision-tree classification of 2011 Landsat satellite data. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain, 30-meter resolution land cover data by 3x3 degree tiles in GeoTIFF format for the United States and Puerto Rico. For additional information on land cover products, go to http://www.mrlc.gov.WMS Service for RGIS dataset NM traffic count data for 2011 (b6cc9cfe-2069-4474-b7af-551f8b9617ae)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Manual listing field procedures for bird specimen collecting, bacterial, fungal, parasitic, and viral diseases, biotoxins, chemical toxins, common and scientific names of birds, and glossary. Manual can be downloaded or viewed in PDF format.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.This data set contains analytical data from samples acquired from the Northwestern Gulf of Mexico area under contract to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) during 1978-1979. Individual contractors included researchers from Rice University, Moody College, and Texas A and M University. Most samples were taken from the R/V Gus III. The project was known as the "Buccaneer Oil Field" project. Caution: numerous errors found in this data set. LIST OF FILES: readme.txt (collection documentation), 03495004.cly.txt (clay mineralogy), 03495004.siz.txt (sediment size analysis), 03495004.sed.txt (surficial sediment), 03495004.tss.txt (trapped suspended sediment ), 03495004.sup.txt (suspended particulates).We used mathematical models to estimate the likely increases in the estimates of the amount of oil and gas technically recoverable from existing known large fields outside the US.The USGS in Augusta, Maine monitors river and ice conditions in areas of ice accumulation on the Kennebec River near Augusta providing real-time river stage data and real-time pictures of ice conditions at this location.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.EM300 multibeam data were collected in 15 March to 8 April 2006 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Jarvis Island, Palmyra Island, and Kingman Island in the Central Pacific during cruise HI-06-04. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. At Jarvis Island, Hilo (1617760) predicted tides were used with a +2.0 time corrector and a range ratio of 1.10. At Palmyra and Kingman, Honolulu (1612340) predicted tides were used with a +1 hr 19 min time corrector and a range ratio of 0.56. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 20 to 3500 m. Concurrent mapping was done by the R/V AHI in water depths ranging from 10-250 m with the data set being AHI-06-04; metadata for AHI-06-04 are submitted separately.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a point shapefile with benthic habitat classifications of vertical relief, geomorphological structure, substrate, and biological cover for selected points along various Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video transects in the US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a towed Minibat and georeferenced and visually interpreted by CCMA employees. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum WGS84.The NBI (NTAD 2014) is a collection of information (database) describing the more than 600,000 of the Nation's bridges located on public roads, including Interstate Highways, U.S. highways, State and county roads, as well as publicly-accessible bridges on Federal lands. It presents a State by State summary analysis of the number, location, and general condition of highway bridges within each State.IPR Holder: Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute (AFBI); Purpose: Spoil Ground Monitoring; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St; Survey Start: 2007-05-21; Survey End: 2007-05-22; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: Not KnownWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Raw XTF files. Sonar data were collected November 6 to December 15, 2009, in the estuary north from Saugerties to Troy. Data Collection and Processing: The interferometric system used to measure acoustic reflectivity, provided a quantitative measure of reflectivity for every square meter of the survey area. Fugro's system measured and recorded acoustic reflectivity that has a high dynamic range such that the full range of reflectivity's encountered in the estuary environment can be recorded while maintaining a constant gain setting on the system receiver. Reflectivity data from the GeoSwath was used to produce a normalized as well as a classified image of the bottom. Additionally, Fugro provided slope, aspect and hillshade models as additional acoustic parameters. Backscatter data processing was completed with CARIS 7.0. Raw XTF files were created by converting Hypack format (*.HSX) into Triton format (*.XTF) using Hypack 2009a.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 14 sites at Pearl and Hermes Atoll in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands in September 2004 from the NOAA vessel Hi`ialakai (HI04-01). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 3x3 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of several deep coral priority areas off the Atlantic Coast of Florida, derived from data collected in October 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Ron Brown, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off the Atlantic Coast of Florida from the Lost Coast Explorer on 10/26/2010 to 10/27/2010. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg EM 710 multibeam echosounder (70 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 17 north, NAD83 datum. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. The CARIS Export option "BASE Surface to Image" was then used to create a GeoTiff of the priority areas. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRI's Spatial Analyst extension.The U.S. Geological Survey's National Water-Use Information Program is responsible for compiling and disseminating the nation's water-use data. The USGS works in cooperation with local, State, and Federal environmental agencies to collect water-use information. USGS compiles these data to produce water-use information aggregated at the county, state, and national levels. Every five years, data at the county level are compiled into a national water-use data system and state-level data are published in a national circular. Over the history of these circulars, the water-use categories have had some changes.Accident - (1975-current): This data file (NTAD 2014) contains information about crash characteristics and environmental conditions at the time of the crash. There is one record per crash. FARS data are made available to the public in Statistical Analysis System (SAS) data files as well as Database Files (DBF). Over the years changes have been made to the type of data collected and the way the data are presented in the SAS data files. Some data elements have been dropped and new ones added, coding of individual data elements has changed, and new SAS data files have been created. Coding changes and the years for which individual data items are available are shown in the Data Element Definitions and Codes  section of this document. The FARS Coding and Editing Manual contains a detailed description of each SAS data elements including coding instructions and attribute definitions. The Coding Manual is published for each year of data collection. Years 2001 to current are available at: http://www-nrd.nhtsa.dot.gov/Cats/listpublications.aspx?Id=J=DocType Note: In this manual the word vehicle means in-transport motor vehicle unless otherwise noted.The Airports database is a geographic point database of aircraft landing facilities in the United States and U.S. Territories. Attribute data is provided on the physical and operational characteristics of the landing facility, current usage including enplanements and aircraft operations, congestion levels and usage categories. This geospatial data is derived from the FAA's National Airspace System Resource Aeronautical Data Product.US Topo is the next generation of topographic maps from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). Arranged in the familiar 7.5-minute quadrangle format, digital US Topo maps are designed to look and feel (and perform) like the traditional paper topographic maBeaker 1.6.1 documentation Search Beaker 1.6.1 documentationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Local Climatological Data (LCD) contains summaries from major airport weather stations that include a daily account of temperature extremes, degree days, precipitation amounts and winds. Also included are the hourly precipitation amounts and abbreviated 3-hourly weather observations. This is the final quality controlled copy and generally has a one to two month time lag. The local climatological data annual file is produced from the National Weather Service (NWS) first and second order stations. These data are contained in the LCD monthly and annual publications. The monthly summaries include maximum, minimum, and average temperature, temperature departure from normal, dew point temperature, average station pressure, ceiling, visibility, weather type, wet bulb temperature, relative humidity, degree days (heating and cooling), daily precipitation, average wind speed, fastest wind speed/direction, sky cover, and occurrences of sunshine, snowfall and snow depth. The annual summary with comparative data contains monthly and annual averages of the above basic climatological data in the meteorological data for the current year section, a table of the normals, means, and extremes of these same data, and sequential table of monthly and annual values of average temperature, total precipitation, total snowfall, and total degree days. Also included is a station location table showing in detail a history of, and relative information about, changes in the locations and exposure of instruments. The NCDC also archives a Preliminary Local Climatological Data manuscript that contains similar information, but is not quality controlled.WMSSource water assessment area (SWA) is the Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) interim surface and subsurface area surrounding a public water supply well that completely contains the scientifically calculated time-of-travel (TOT) area. The primary purpose of the SWA is to give the public water supplier an idea of the potential size of the final Wellhead Protection Area (WHPA). The TOT for a non-vulnerable SWA (Meth_code = FRC) is 3 years and for a vulnerable SWA (Meth_code = AM) is 10 years. Ultimately the SWA will be replaced by a WHPA and a corresponding Drinking Water Supply Management Area (DWSMA).Grain-size analysis of marine sediments of the U.S. eastern coast with sampling and lab methods, surficial sediment database in three formats (Excel, Dbase IV, ASCII), and use of geographic mapping tools for visualizing sediment data layers.The National Populated Places database is a geographic database of populated places in the United States containing information on the location and 1990 Census population. This dataset is a subset of that and the extent of the data is within the state of West Virginia.Library Catalog SearchWMSSAS technology exemplifies recent advances in geophysical survey technology that will revolutionize maritime archaeological remote sensing. Applied Signal Technology (AST) has combined their SAS with the MacArtney FOCUS-2 ROTV to create the ultimate towed acoustic imaging device, PROSAS Surveyor. Capable of an area coverage rate of 2.5 kilometer/hour with a resolution of 3 centimeters, PROSAS Surveyor will greatly expand capabilities to locate even the oldest archaeological sites on the continental shelf, particularly where sedimentation is limited. Large area seafloor mapping at a resolution capable of imaging very small targets is a tremendously expensive proposition for submerged land managers responsible for bottom lands from 30 to 300 meters in depth. Daily operating costs for a suitable research vessel and personnel limit the area that can be investigated. This project will for the first time apply commercially available SAS technology to the search for historic shipwrecks. The rapidity and resolution of this project's survey will be as much as a four-fold increase in area covered as compared to conventional marine archaeological remote sensing survey.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 6 sites at Rota in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in August and September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES03-07). Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.Site for the Platte River Program in Nebraska an area that is a critical staging area for migratory waterbirds of the Central Flyway. Includes links to color-infrared aerial photos, 1938 historic aerial photos, and Cottonwood Ranch research site.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This model estimates, by simulation, the reservoir pressure, flow rate, and volume of oil discharged, and the report discusses the uncertainty in the estimates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the Mozilla Support Knowledge Base and Support Forum.N/AInformation on mollusks and uses of the identification of fossil mollusks in the fields of biostratigraphy, geochronology, paleocoeanography, paleoecology and ecosystems history. Links to experts and related USGS projects.Land Cover Map 2007 (LCM2000) is a parcel-based thematic classification of satellite image data covering the entire United Kingdom. The map updates and substantially upgrades the Land Cover Map of Great Britain (LCMGB) 1990. Like the earlier LCMGB, LCM2000 is derived from a computer classification of satellite scenes obtained mainly from the Landsat sensor, but in addition to LCMGB, it also covers Northern Ireland, producing for the first time an all-UK dataset. It also incorporates information derived from other ancillary datasets. LCM2000 was classified using a nomenclature corresponding to the Joint Nature Conservation Committee (JNCC) Broad Habitats, which encompasses the entire range of UK habitats. In addition, it recorded further detail where possible and incorporating land cover classes sought by other users. LCM2000 is produced in both vector and raster formats, with a number of different versions containing varying levels of detail and at different spatial resolutions. This dataset consists of the 1km raster, percentage Aggregate Class. Northern Ireland only.Topographic observations from the SRTM, both original and reprocessed to correct missing and spurious data points.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NCDC U.S. National Overview was first presented in 1998 as part of the State of the Climate Report. It is a framework that summarizes U.S. National observations of surface temperature and precipitation data by placing the data into historical perspective. The U.S. National Overview provides access to monthly, 3-month/seasonal, 6-month, 12-month and annual climate summaries by state, division and region. Topics include: Surface Temperature (rankings maps and time series), Precipitation (rankings maps and time series), Percent Area wet/dry cold/warm, and Primary Crop Region Maps with Season-to-Date Precipitation Time series. Additional information on current seasonal summaries for snow, fire, severe weather, and Atlantic and Pacific hurricanes, is also provided.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.This project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the University of Hawaii, and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. The enhanced spectral resolution of hyperspectral and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. Depending on the type of instrument, a spectral imaging system can be utilized to see multiple colors from ultraviolet through the far infrared range. The AURORA hyperspectral imaging system collected 72 ten nm bands in the visible and near infrared spectral range with a 3 meter pixel resolution. The data was processed to select band widths, which optimized feature detection in shallow and deep water. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NOAA CoastWatch distributes SST anomaly data using a combination of the POES AVHRR Global Area Coverage data, and data from a climatological database by Casey and Cornillon. AVHRR SST is compared with the climatological SST for the region and time period specified.City of Chicago | Data PortalOpenStreetMap is a map of the world, created by people like you and free to use under an open license.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 3 sites around Alamagan in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 25 May - 09 June 2007 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0703) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.This data set contains OCS block outlines in ArcGIS shape file format for the BOEM Atlantic Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boemre.gov/itd/pubs/1999/99-0006.pdf Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles can not represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The State Highway LRS system consists of the Interstate, U.S. and State Highways of Arkansas. Each point represents a Mile Marker reading on stated routes..Explains why phosphorus is important, how it moves through the terrestrial water system, how we measure it, and what this means for people who need to manage or monitor human activities that produce it.WMSOverview of the environmental monitoring component of the international program at the EROS Data Center using Geographic Information Systems (GIS) technology, with links to data, partners, publications, and workshops.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemWMSThis data set contains the locations of oil and gas pipelines in the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management Pacific OCS RegionDiscover the different search feeds available at this Supersite The Supersites have data for the study of natural hazards in geologically active regions, including information from Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), GPS crustal deformation measurements, and earthquakes. The data are provided in the spirit of GEO, ESA, NASA and the National Science Foundation (NSF), that easy access to Earth science data will promote their use and advance scientific research, ultimately leading to reduced loss of life from natural hazards. This OpenSearch Service allows the discovery of the different search feeds available at this Supersite.This service is in accordance with the OGC 10-032r3 specification with URL templates that return the results in the RDF or ATOM format.We estimated means of 0.78 billion barrels of unconventional oil, 23.5 trillion cubic feet of unconventional gas, and 0.88 billion barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This project will involve the shakedown of all Okeanos Explorer ship capabilities and a patch test of the Kongsberg EM302 multibeam system. Operations for this mission will take place in the Pacific Ocean off of the West Coast of the U.S. between San Francisco and San Diego, California between March 16 and April 1, 2011. The multibeam patch test will take place over Sur Ridge in the Monterey Bay.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThe collection and analysis of water column sonar data is a relatively new avenue of research into the marine environment. Primary uses include assessing biological abundance, species identification,and habitat characterization. It is also useful for evaluating underwater gas seeps, characterizing the seafloor and bathymetry. The goals of this collection are to archive water column sonar data collected on NOAA, academic and international fleets, and to make the data available to researchers and the public around the world.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This fundamental Climate Data Record (CDR) contains over 30 years of inter-satellite calibrated clear-sky High Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS) channel 12 brightness temperatures at original swath resolution. Among the twenty channels in the HIRS instrument, channel 12 measures upper tropospheric water vapor (UTWV). Multiple polar orbiting satellites in the NOAA Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite (POES) series and MetOp-A have carried HIRS instruments. Due to the independence in calibration of the individual HIRS instruments, biases exist between satellites. Examination of the intersatellite biases shows that the biases are scene brightness temperature dependent. These HIRS channel 12 measurements from the NOAA POES and MetOp-A are calibrated to a baseline satellite based on intersatellite bias correction data. The UTWV Fundamental Climate Data Record (FCDR) is key to understanding water vapor feedback climatology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SURF_MET is a dataset gathered by WMO. Currently, there are about 10,000+ SURF_MET stations worldwide. Data delivered through Plymoth State Weather Center.The regions on this map represent areas with similar hydro- geologic characteristics thought to represent similar potentials for contamination of groundwater and/or water wells. The map was created from an unprecedented compilation and interpretation of primary geo- logic and soil data; compilation of interim Arc/Info coverages of bedrock aquifers/aquitards, thickness of Quaternary deposits, alluvial aquifers, sinkholes (centers of 400 meter radius circles), and agricultural drainage wells (centers of 400 meter radius circles); overlay techniques; and evaluation of groundwater contamination and well contamination data. This coverage was published in 1991 as part of the 1:500,000 scale, color map: Groundwater Vulnerability Regions of Iowa.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This georeferenced RGB image represents 1 meter resolution bathymetry of a portion of the Virgin Passage, a selected area of seafloor southwest of St. Thomas, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. This image is also vertically exaggerated by a factor of 1, and sun illuminated where the azimuth = 45 degrees and angle = 40 degrees. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE, which was then pushed through the CARIS export tool "BASE Surface to Image" to create the final 8-bit GeoTIFF. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This dataset is a record of fish distribution and activity for BULL TROUT contained in the StreamNet database. This feature class was created based on linear event data extracted from the StreamNet database on March 21, 2006. Distribution is based upon the best professional judgement of local fish biologists, in the Pacific Northwest Region (Oregon, Washington, and Idaho). These data were collected by biologists at the state fish & wildlife agencies of Washington (WDFW), Oregon (ODFW) and Idaho (IDFG). Data were then compiled by StreamNet staff into paper maps or event tables at the state level. These event tables were submitted to the StreamNet regional staff at Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commision (PSMFC) where this regional distribution feature class was created from the source route event tables. All data is referenced to the PNW 1:100,000 River Reach Hydrography (http://www.streamnet.org/pnwr/pnwrhome.html) on the LLID-based stream routing system.Studying 28 species of warblers, flycatchers, tanagers, and vireos, we find the birds relied on the flowering of honey mesquite to detect the availability of insects they eat.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full Quickbird multispectral scene which was processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Farallon de Medinilla, CNMI.File contains Ba/Ca data (in mmol/mol) presented by Lea et al. (1989). Samples were measured at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology by D. Lea. Ba determinations were performed on a VG PlasmaQuad inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometer, and Ca was determined by flame atomic absorption. Measurement precision is 1% for Ba/Ca. Ages for samples were assigned on the basis of well-defined density banding. Annual growth averaged 11mm/yr.N/AThe floats are designed to drift at a fixed pressure (usually 1000 dbar) for 10 days. After this period, the floats move to a profiling pressure (usually between 1000 and 2000 dbar) then rise, collecting profiles of pressure, temperature, and salinity data on their way to the surface. Once at the surface, the floats remain there for under a day, transmitting the data collected by satellite back to NOAA/PMEL and allowing the satellite to determine their surface drift. They then sink again and repeat their mission. The floats have a nominal lifetime of five years, and will yield valuable information about large-scale ocean water property distributions and currents, including their variability over time scales from seasonal to the duration of the array. Note that a given request will return a maximum of 15000 rows of data. So if you get a response with ~15000 rows, resubmit the request as 2 or more smaller requests.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Graphical representation of the Content Standard for Digital Geospatial Metadata Version 2 - 1998 (FGDC-STD-001 June 1998) to permit easier location of relevant information while writing metadata.WMSOperational program designed to facilitate the inventory and preservation of geological and geophysical data in US Federal agencies, state agencies, and universities.Examples of the use of Satellite Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar to measure and map changes on the Earth's surface as an aid to understanding how ground-water pumping, hydrocarbon production, or other human activities cause land subsidence.Chemical, physical, profile, imagery, laboratory analysis, sediment analysis and underway oceanographic data were collected aboard the Pisces in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-09-25 to 2010-10-03 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, fluorescence, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sediment properties, sound velocity, temperature, turbidity and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, camera, fluorometer, oxygen meter and sediment sampler - corer along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. Sediment cores were analyzed for physical characteristics, and recorded in photos and data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069114)Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Earth to Sky: An Innovative Partnership between NASA and National Park ServiceThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.An illustrated glossary of terms relating to modern glaciers and glacial landforms based mainly on Alaskan examples.This data set was designed for cartographic presentation only and should not be used for hydrologic analysis. 1/31/08 - Removed USGS fields as this dataset has changed considerably from it's original USGS format - Water bodies w/same flow type and feature type have been merged into single entities. For example, water bodies split by a road or swamp feature, but are actually a single lake are merged to one feature - Added Label field to make it easier to symbolize - i.e. you can label lakes but exclude linear river features that are being labeled in the generalized rivers and streams layer - Changed field names to 10 characters or less for ease of conversion to shapefiles - Alias' added so above field name changes were easier to interpret The data set portrays the polygon water features (lakes, reservoirs, and rivers) of North Dakota. The file was produced by joining the individual State hydrography layers from the 1:2,000,000-scale Digital Line Graph (DLG) data produced by the USGS. This data setwas formerly distributed as Hydrography Features of the United States. This is a revised version of the November 1999 data set.An assessment of the potential protective effects on coastal marshes in Louisiana of building barrier berms seaward of the existing barrier islands and inlets to help block or reduce the onshore spread of oil from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Light Detection Ranging (LiDAR) has emerged as a promising technology in many disciplines, including geology, forestry, and hydrology (Hudak et al. 2009). Despite a growing body of LiDAR literature, gaps in information on issues related to acquisition and processing of LiDAR data still exist (Gatziolis and Andersen, 2008, Evans et al. 2009). In recent years, various efforts have been made, at state level and beyond, for web-based distribution of raw LiDAR data (e.g. OpenTopography, CLICK) as well as LiDAR-derived products (e.g. INSIDE Idaho). However, proper processing of raw data, and documenting the processing steps in a standard-compliant metadata are essential before LiDAR data and value-added products can be made available to the public domain through data portals. This data provides a demonstration of a LiDAR workflow for NSF Idaho EPSCoR project Water Resources in a Changing Climate. This is collection level metadata for LAS files collected by USDA - Forest Service as a part of a larger project to use LiDAR for forestry application. The lidar survey was conducted by vendor Spenser B. Gross, 13545 NW Science Park dr.,97229, Portland, OR. Lidar instrument Leica ALS40 was flown over the period of 13 and 26 July 2002. The primary goal of the study is to provide operational implementation of LiDAR technology in support of project level planning. The proposed applications of LiDAR in support of planning are: vegetation structural modeling, erosion modeling, fuels, transportation planning, timber system planning, wildlife habitat modeling, and stream quality. The Rocky Mountain Research Station will provide the development of peer-reviewed forest structural metrics and technical support in implementation of LiDAR technology. The technical specifications have been defined to specifically support vegetation modeling using LiDAR data. The project area consists of four blocks totaling 13350 hectares in Nez Perce Reservation, which is located in central Idaho and is a land of beautiful rivers and steep mountains. The data were delivered in ASCII format with information on easting, northing and elevation for each LiDAR pulse. The ascii files were converted to las format and classified using the Multiscale Curvature Classification (MCC) method of Evans and Hudak (2007). Evans, J.S., and A.T. Hudak. (2007) A multiscale curvature algorithm for classifying discrete return lidar in forested environments. IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing 45(4): 1029-1038.Maps of three ground-water monitoring networks that group related wells and data from active well networks, and provide basic statistics about the water-level data collected by USGS.News and related information focusing on the importance of tsunami hazards in the United States.Penn State Hershey GI Report Search Penn State Hershey GI Report -This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Search the University of Bath websiteArticle in the May 28, 1998 issue of Volcano Watch describing of correlation of earth tides to volcanic eruptions and value in monitoring underground magma movement with deformation measurement instruments including tiltmeters and strainmeters.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This database contains weekly reports submitted by tilefish vessels with IVR reporting requirements.Microformats Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.CRED shallow Conductivity-Temperature-Depth (CTD) casts are vertical profiles (max 30 meter depth, downcast only) of temperature, conductivity and pressure. Data are collected at select nearshore locations, both around islands or banks and within lagoons. Data processing was performed using Seabird Instrument's SeaSoft SBE Data Processing Software (http://www.seabird.com/software/SBEDataProcforWindows.htm). Data format is discreet, tabular (formatted, space delimited ASCII) files for each profile, with a full header as provided by SeaSoft. Raw file extension is HEX, processed file extension is CNV. The header contains latitude, longitude and other location information, as well as all data processing steps and settings. All dates and times are UTC. All positions are WGS84 decimal degrees. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpReport on satellite imagery collected by the NOAA Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on NOAA polar-orbiting weather satellites. Links are provided to imagery of north-central Gulf of Mexico and of the Lake Pontchartrain.Kean University blackboard, Kean University distance education, distance education,webct, kean webct, kean university webct, kean university de, kean onlineThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data contains a set of geodetic control stations maintained by the National Geodetic Survey. Each geodetic control station in this dataset has either a precise Latitude/Longitude used for horizontal control or a precise Orthometric Height used for vertical control, or both. The National Geodetic Survey (NGS) serves as the Nation's depository for geodetic data. The NGS distributes geodetic data worldwide to a variety of users. These geodetic data include the final results of geodetic surveys, software programs to format, compute, verify, and adjust original survey observations or to convert values from one geodetic datum to another, and publications that describe how to obtain and use Geodetic Data products and services.Describes the diversity of habitat types in which invasive lionfish have been reported within Florida's coastal waters, based on lionfish sightings recored in our Nonindigenous Aquatic Species database.Gianluca Della Vedova Search Gianluca Della Vedova -Site for publications on minerals resources with links to those online. Includes reports in series, CD-ROMS, spatial data, statistics and commodity information, and mineral resources publications of regional Mineral Resources Teams.We estimated mean undiscovered volumes of 3.65 billion barrels of oil, 1.85 trillion cubic feet of associated dissolved natural gas, and 148 million barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.The NOAA Coral Reef Watch (CRW) Experimental Daily Near-Real-Time Light Stress Damage (LSD) product is part of CRW's near-real-time Decision Support System (DSS) for coral reef management that also includes CRW's operational twice-weekly global 50-km satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite. This DSS was initially implemented in 2000 and continues to provide updated monitoring information to the U.S. and international coral reef communities. The first version of the LSD product was launched on October 1, 2009 for the Caribbean region only. It was a pilot project based on preliminary research results on combined stress conducive to coral bleaching from both anomalously high light intensity (insolation) and temperature experienced by coral. Although web-based, the first version of the LSD product was password-protected and available only to project collaborators, for the period April 2009 to the present. The second, public version of the LSD product was released October 31, 2012 on the CRW web site. This metadata file provides information on the second version of the LSD product for both the most recent near-real-time updates and the archived product dating back to October 1, 2012. The experimental LSD product provides a measure of the combined light and thermal stress on the coral photo-system. As currently designed, the LSD product will provide a relative measure of these effects via an index. This index has values that are usually in the range of 0 to 5, but can be greater than 5 if accumulated thermal stress is excessive. Generally speaking, a value of 0 indicates that there is no accumulation of damaging stress, a value of around 1 indicates that stress has accumulated to significant levels and bleaching is expected to begin, and values of 2 or more indicate escalating severity of stress and associated bleaching. Severe bleaching and significant mortality are expected at or beyond an LSD value of 5. The LSD product is updated daily and presently has a resolution of 0.1 degrees. This will be increased to 0.05 degree resolution in the future. Temperature data used in deriving the LSD are the daily NOAA/NESDIS 0.1 degree resolution Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites (GOES)-Polar Operational Environmental Satellite (POES) blended SST product. The LSD is also produced using photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) derived from the NESDIS/STAR GOES Surface and Insolation product suite. Hourly PAR data from this product suite are summed to derive a daily total PAR. The daily PAR totals are then used to derive an anomaly product that measures acclimation of the corals to changing light levels from day to day. At this time, the LSD product is produced only for the Caribbean region on CRW's web site. Additional information on the SST used for this product is provided in each SST HDF data file, accessible at http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/hdf/index.php. The LSD product, its detailed description, and available data formats and delivery mechanisms are accessible at http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/lsd/index.php.TBDThe School of Arts and Sciences, Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Independent User Interface (en)This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Temperature profile data were collected using moored buoy, profiling floats, and XBT casts in a world wide distribution from 01 September 1999 to 30 November 1999. The collection of data were supported by various of projects such as Gulf of Mexico NOAA / NMFS Ship of Opportunity (SOOP), Tropical Ocean Global Atmosphere (TOGA), World Ocean Circulation Experiment (WOCE), and Global Temperature-Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP).Explains the USGS strategy for research directed towards preventing or reducing the adverse impacts of toxicologic and infectious disease.Basic facts about USGS budget for FY 1997 to present.This fact sheet focuses on climate variability and change and how USGS research can strengthen the Nation with information needed to meet the challenges of the 21st century.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on predictive modelingPuerto Rico relative erosion rate by land cover type (2000)Surface Weather and PrecipitationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSA County Geologic Atlas is a systematic study of a county's geologic and ground water resources. Geologic studies include both near-surface deposits and bedrock. Ground water studies include flow systems, aquifer capacity, and ground water chemistry. In some areas sand and gravel deposits, sinkholes, or other features are studied. Interpretation of sensitivity to pollution is also part of an atlas. The information is organized, analyzed, and displayed using geographic information technology. The Scott County Geologic Atlas contains the following plates: Plate 1: Database Map Plate 2: Bedrock Geology Plate 3: Surficial Geology Plate 4: Quaternary Stratigraphy Plate 5: Bedrock Topography, Depth to Bedrock, and Bedrock Geology Models Plate 6: Subsurface Recharge and Surface Infiltration Typically Minnesota Geologic Atlas projects are done in two parts. Part A covers basic geology and creates databases of primary source information such as wells and soil borings. Part B covers hydrogeology and ground water sensitivity. Some ground water sensitivity-related information is covered in Plate 6 of this atlas. There will be no Part B for the Scott County Geologic Atlas.Matplotlib 1.4.3 documentation Search Matplotlib 1.4.3 documentationLandscapes of interwoven wetlands and uplands offer a rich set of ecosystem goods and services. Changes in climate and land use can affect the value of those services. We study these areas to understand how they may be changing.This dataset shows electric utility service area boundaries for the State of Minnesota. The original source data were lines hand-drawn on county highway maps. The maps were scanned and georeferenced to serve as a background for on-screen digitizing. The utilities were then given an opportunity to review and correct the service areas. Changes filed with the Public Utilities Commission (eDockets) were also reviewed to update the areas.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationCirculating Now Search Circulating Now - from the historical collections of the world's largest biomedical libraryThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. County subdivisions are the primary divisions of counties and their equivalent entities for the reporting of Census Bureau data, and they include legally minor civil divisions (MCDs) and statistical census county divisions (CCDs), and unorganized territories. For the 2010 Census, the legal MCDs are the primary governmental and/or administrative divisions of counties in 29 States and Puerto Rico; Tennessee changed from having CCDs for Census 2000 to having MCDs for the 2010 Census. In MCD States where no MCD exists or is not defined, the Census Bureau creates statistical unorganized territories to complete coverage. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by county subdivisions. The boundaries of all 2010 Census legal MCDs are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). For the 2010 Census, CCDs or their equivalents are delineated in 21 States. The boundaries of all 2010 Census statistical CCDs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).This project was completed under USGS Contract No. 07CRCN0002, Task Order No. 070020009. This delivery contains point cloud data in LAS 1.1 format, classified in the following manner. Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, Class 7: Low Point (Noise), Class 9: Water, Class 10: High Point (Noise), Class 12: Overlap, and Class 17: Port The following are the collection parameters and equipment used to create these data sets. Aircraft: Cessna 320 (N3443Q) and Piper Navajo (N6GR) Lidar System: Optech ALTM Gemini (03SEN145) Approximate Collection Altitude (Above Mean Terrain): 1800 meters Ground Speed: 145 kts Pulse Rate Frequency: 70 kHz Mirror Scan Frequency: 62.6 Hz Scan Angle (+/-): 5.3 degrees Beam Divergence: Narrow (0.25 mrad) Accuracy statements are based on areas of moderate terrain, with points classified as ground. Diminished accuracies are to be expected in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard. Derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground.EUCROSS - The Europeanisation of everyday life: Cross-Border Practices and Transnational Identities among EU and Third-Country Citizens - a research project funded by the EC 7FP.Residential Life, ResLifeSearch the U.S. Geological Survey Web site.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.re3data.org searchExplains the types of genetic analysis we carry out, and how those methods help us understand biological populations so that people who manage those populations can devise effective strategies.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.Explains how this element is used, where we get it, and prospects for future supply and demand.Data Pub Search Data Pub - Blog about all things data from the California Digital LibraryThey're abundant in this area, but hard to count reliably. We outline a procedure for estimating the population sizes so that we can determine whether they're increasing or dwindling. We must both listen for their calls and visually confirm them.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Place-Based Research Search Place-Based Research - A collaborative project of OBFS and NAMLConsistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Drought map of Kansas link to real-time data for stream gaging stations and links to historic droughts of Kansas, ground water, drought definitions, and references.N/AA team of underwater archaeologists from across the country, led by James Adovasio and Andy Hemmings of Mercyhurst University, will be diving at two sites off Florida?s Gulf Coast that was first visited in 2009. At each of these locations, electronic documentation was made of intact river channel features of the Pleistocene Suwannee River which are now filled with multiple layers of sediment. This previous work has helped to decide exactly where the team excavated through the sands of the modern seafloor.WMSCruise Dates: 12/14/1965 - 3/22/1966 12/21/1974 - 3/13/1975 1/10/1975 - 2/19/1975 1/10/1975 - 3/17/1975 1/16/1975 - 3/9/1975 5/2/1975 - 6/22/1975 5/15/1975 - 7/6/1975 7/28/1975 - 10/30/1975 12/27/1975 - 2/23/1976 5/10/1976 - 8/27/1976 5/11/1976 - 8/30/1976 5/14/1976 - 8/13/1976 6/21/1976 - 9/9/1976 10/15/1976 - 3/3/1977 1/24/1977 - 3/17/1977This dataset contains a line shapefile showing the trackline of various Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video transects in the US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a towed Minibat and georeferenced and visually interpreted by CCMA employees. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum WGS84.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.11/18/14 Added New Town Bypass 11/3/14 by Gerald Extended US85 Southbound to Mile Marker 172 US 85 South Route ID = 300, Created new alignment for US 85 South that follows the Watford City SW Bypass and the West Bypass at Alexander as well as the new alignment for the 4-lane project that continues to reference point 172.000 which is north of McKenzie County Highway 16. New reference points were created as follows: 139.082 beginning of highway south of Watford City, 140.831 junction with the US 85 Business in Watford City, 145.659 junction of US Business west of Watford City, 160.505 junction with US 85 Business south of Alexander, 163.506 junction of US 85 north of Alexander. Created all whole number reference points between 139.082 and reference point 172.000. 10/29/14 1. ND 23 Business Route ID = 297, Changed existing ND 23 in Watford City from the previous Junction of US 85 to the Junction of ND 1806 to ND 23B also changed the reference points 0.000 = 900.000, 1.000 = 901.000, 1.350 = 901.350, 2.000 = 902.000, 3.000 = 903.000, 3.353 = 903.353 2. ND 23 East Route ID = 205, Watford City SE Bypass from the previous Junction of US 85 continuing northeasterly to the current alignment of ND 23. New reference point 0.533 was created for the beginning of the route as well as reference point 3.701 which is the Junction with ND 1806 extension. 3. ND 23 West Route ID = 299, Watford City SE Bypass from the previous Junction of US 85 continuing northeasterly to the current alignment of ND 23. New reference point 0.533 was created for the beginning of the route as well as reference point 3.751 which is the termination point of this route. 4. ND 1806 Route ID = 271, Created an extension of ND 1806 from the Junction of ND 23 B north of Watford City to the Junction of the ND 23 along the new alignment. New reference point 311.577 was created for the intersection. 5. US 85 North Route ID = 261, Created new alignment for US 85 North that follows the Watford City SW Bypass and the West Bypass at Alexander as well as the new alignment for the 4-lane project that continues to the Junction of US 2 at Williston. New reference points were created as follows: 140.831 junction with the US 85 Business in Watford City, 145.659 junction of US Business west of Watford City, 160.505 junction with US 85 Business south of Alexander, 163.506 junction of US 85 north of Alexander. 6. US 85 South Route ID = 300, Created new alignment for US 85 South that follows the Watford City SW Bypass and the West Bypass at Alexander as well as the new alignment for the 4-lane project that continues to the Junction of ND 200 North of Alexander. New reference points were created as follows: 140.831 junction with the US 85 Business in Watford City, 145.659 junction of US Business west of Watford City, 160.505 junction with US 85 Business south of Alexander, 163.506 junction of US 85 north of Alexander. Created a new reference point 139.082 which is the beginning point for US 85 South along with all reference points between this point and the Junction of ND 200 North of Alexander. 7. US 85 Business North Route ID = 298, The existing route US 85 through Watford City and Alexander becomes US 85 Business due to the completion of the Bypass routes. New reference points that were created are: 950.000 intersection with US 85, 950.555 intersection with ND 23, 951.000, 952.000, 952.486 intersection with ND 23 A, 952.707 intersection with ND 23 B, 953.000, 954.000, 955.000, 956.000, 956.233 intersection with US 85 west of Watford City, 970.079 intersection with US 85 south of Alexander, 971.000, 972.000, 973.000 intersection with US 85 north of Alexander. 8. Several small alignment changes occurred due to construction projects: ND 8 Junction ND 50 to Bowbells. ND 22 slide repair through the badlands. ND 57 and ND 20 South of Devils Lake. ND 31 bridge replacement 13 miles north of South Dakota Border. ND 23A in Watford City, this highway had the wrong designation as ND 23B, this change corrected this error and is now correctly designated as ND 23A. 9. Junction of ND 1804 and ND 58 near Trenton, the intersection of these two highways was realigned. 10. US 2 alignment in Williston near 11th street to near 9th Ave NW. Changed all RTE_SIN codes to either I, U, or S. 2/15/13 ND 23 - West of Four Bears Bridge between reference points 44 and 45. Horizontal curve was removed. ND 8 - North of Junction with ND 23 Horizontal curves between reference points 135 and 136, also between 150 and 151 have been re-aligned. ND 28 - Junction with US 2 at Berthold has been re-aligned and intersection was moved to the east. ND 34 and ND 30 - Slip ramp at this junction has been removed. ND 48 - Junction with US 83 at Coleharbor has been re-aligned. ND 22 - North of Dickinson, south bound lane has been extended to north of Stark county line. ND 22 - North bound moved to the east and is on a new alignment. ND 1804 - Road alignment correction has been made near reference point 295. ND 10 - Road alignment correction has been made West of Casselton. 9/28/11 - Route Changes 2011 Bismarck Business 94 E & W remove segment from east side of Memorial Bridge to the intersection of Bismarck Expressway. The NDDOT and city of Bismarck entered into an agreement to transfer ownership and maintenance responsibility to the city of Bismarck. This is referenced in State Highway Change order 2000-01 The following reference points have been removed:Eastbound (route id 266) 922, 922.724, 922.860, 923, 924, 925Westbound route id 267) 922, 922.724, 922.860, 923, 924, 924.140The following reference points have been added:Eastbound (route id 266) 921.096Westbound (route id 267) 921.096 Jamestown Business 94 E & W are removed from the state highway system. This change was agreed upon by the city of Jamestown and the NDDOT after these areas where reclassified to the urban roads system.The following reference points have been removed:Eastbound (route id 266) 926.868, 927, 928, 928.127Westbound (route id 267) 926.868, 927, 927.190 Jamestown US 281 N & S are removed from the intersection of US 281 and I-94 to the intersection with US 52 due to the construction of the US 52 Bypass. These segments are now identified as US 52 E & W.The following reference points have been removed:North bound (route id 255) 67.929, 68.630 (need to remove 68 from dt292010)South bound (route id 256) 67.929, 68.630 (need to remove 68 from dt292010) Jamestown US 52 E & W alignments have changed the portion of this route that traveled east from the junction with US 281 in the center of the city to I-94 east interchange has been removed. The route now runs along the route that used to be US 281 south to the Junction of I-94 and US 281. The following reference points have been removed:Eastbound 266.305, 268.000, 268.114 (route id 257) (rpt 267 has been moved to new alignment)Westbound 266.305, 267.222 (route id 258) (rpt 267 has been moved to new alignment)The following reference points have been added:Eastbound (route id 257) 267.632Westbound (route id 258) 267.632 Drayton Realigned ND 66 due to bridge replacement (route id 242).Hannover Removed slip ramp at the intersection of ND 31 and ND 25 (route id 24).Scranton Removed the west leg of ramp at jct of US 12 and ND 67 (route id 289).Scranton Realigned ND 67 due to bridge replacement (route id 243).Bismarck Changed the ramps at the junction of I-194 and Business 94 (route id 186).Fargo Added a new entrance ramp to the interchange at 45th street (route id 170). 9/16/10 - added fields to aid in creating roads_state_mm RTE_SUFFIX, HWY_CHAR, HWY_DIR, HWY_SUFFIX, HWY_SUFFIX_DIR removed fields that are no longer needed F_MEAS, T_MEAS, P_STREET_NAME 5/11/10 updated by bb updated f_mile and to_mile on line segments that touch ref pt 1.564 on hwy 294 4/1/10 - 9th street interchange on I-94 in West Fargo was completed. Corrected an error on ND 810, the McKenzie Interchange reference points were not increasing correctly. 52nd avenue interchange in Fargo was rebuilt, this is the begin of Business 81. 12th avenue interchange was modified to accommodate the four lane portion of ND 294 in Fargo. Business 81 (52nd avenue and parts of University avenue) was completed as a four lane highway. ND 294 (12th avenue) was completed as a four lane highway. ND 1804 south of Bismarck had some alignment changes. US 281 in Belcourt was added as four lane segment. 10/10/08 - Added missing year 2000 alignment change on US 83 northbound near painted woods creek south of Washburn. 9/29/08 - The remaining 30 miles (mp 99-131) of new US 2 road centerline and reference points were added. This completes the 4-lane project of US 2 from Williston east to Minnesota. Added missing interchange legs on I29 -12th and 19th avenues in Fargo. Added missing year 2000 alignment change on US 83 northbound near painted woods creek south of Washburn. 3/27/08 - Fixed extra vertex on I29 north of Fargo 2/28/08 - Fixed Hwy Number for Ramps. 1/16/08 - New alignment for north and southbound 1804 south of Bismarck to south of University of Mary. New 4 lane section of US 2 from jct us 85 north of Williston to Ray. 2/13/07 - combined State Roads and Ramps into one layer. 12/15/06 - Addition of US 2 Westbound lanes from Ray to Palermo. New alignment of US 2 Eastbound from Ray to Palermo. 10/30/06 - Changed alignment of US 281 and ND 19 to match new construction. The old roads are now under county ownership. US 281 MP 155 to MP 175 moved 1.5 miles west of old location. ND 19 shortened west of Minnewauken and lengthened west of Devils Lake. 3/16/06 - ND 1804 - Bismarck 12th Street to Bismarck Expressway. Addition of southbound lane. ND 32 & ND 11 in Forman - Realignment of Intersection. Business Loop ND 13 - Wahpeton Realignment of Intersection. US 281 & ND 57 - Realignment of Intersection. ND 23 - New Town - Four Bears Bridge Realignment ND 200 & ND 8 - Halliday - Realignment of Intersection Added south bound lanes on a portion of Business US 2 in Williston, This was missed in the original collection of the data in 1993. 5/16/05 - Updated I94 Business Loop - East and West, Hwy 810, Hwy10 This data came from the NDDOT's Planning Section. It was converted from a projection (NAD 1983 UTM Zone 14N) to a Geographic coordinate system.LIDAR-derived binary (.las) files containing points classified as: Unclassified (1), Ground (2) and Water (9) were produced for the 2010 Northwest Florida Water Management District - 2 Counties (Calhoun and Liberty), Florida LIDAR mapping project. The data were collected March 30 - April 1, 2010 and the total mapping area covers approximately 585 square miles in Liberty County and 2.65 square miles in Calhoun County.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GNIS contains point data derived from the federal Geographic Names Information System, depicting the locations of all named places in New Hampshire. Place name locations from the federal GNIS have been corrected and updated, based upon a variety of sources, including current and historic US Geological Survey topographic maps, aerial photography, New Hampshire state agency records, and current web sites.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.This dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 8x8 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of the 2011 biogeographic assessment of the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in March 2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI from 03/28/2011 to 04/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 20 north, NAD83 datum. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. The CARIS Export option "BASE Surface to Image" was then used to create a GeoTiff of the priority areas. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRIs Spatial Analyst extension.Fish egg counts and standardized counts for eggs captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero eggs were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The \\\\"Egg Counts Positive Tows\\\\" table includes only tows where one or more eggs were captured for the species selected by the user.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This publication provides digital point data for the locations of 127 volcanic centers in Alaska younger than 2 million years. Information about whether a volcano has been historically active is also provided. Detailed information about each center can be found on the Alaska Volcano Observatory website at http://www.avo.alaska.eduWe assembled 2.1 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings extending 1,900 km along the Aleutian Islands from Unimak Island in the east to the Russian border in the west, and ranging approximately 500 km north of the central Aleutians to Petrel and Bowers Banks, and also the surrounding deep waters of the southeastern Bering Sea. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. We also digitized 25,000 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets, providing the largest single source of sediment information for the Aleutians.The Global Data Assimilation System (GDAS) is the system used by the Global Forecast System (GFS) model to place observations into a gridded model space for the purpose of starting, or initializing, weather forecasts with observed data. GDAS adds the following types of observations to a gridded, 3-D, model space: surface observations, balloon data, wind profiler data, aircraft reports, buoy observations, radar observations, and satellite observations. GDAS data are available as both input observations to GDAS and gridded output fields from GDAS. Gridded GDAS output data can be used to start the GFS model. Due to the diverse nature of the assimilated data types, input data are available in a variety of data formats, primarily Binary Universal Form for the Representation of meteorological data (BUFR) and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) binary. The GDAS output is World Meteorological Organization (WMO) Gridded Binary (GRIB).Bayesian Shoreline Change Prediction - A Bayesian network (BN) that was developed to predict long-term shoreline change associated with sea-level rise. The data consist of information compiled as part of the U.S. Geological Survey Coastal Vulnerability Index for the U.S. coastline. In this work, the Bayesian network is used to define relationships between driving forces, geologic constraints, and coastal response which are represented by observations of local rates of relative sea-level rise, wave height, tide range, geomorphic classification, coastal slope, and shoreline change rate. Using this information, the BN is used to make probabilistic predictions of shoreline retreat in response to different future sea-level rise rates.This demonstration server showcases MapServer (www.mapserver.org) and its OGC supportSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Provides the ArcGIS Rest Services URLs for the public facing, most current year 1-meter natural color NAIP web services for the lower 48 states, served by USDA-FSA Aerial Photography Field Office. It also provides the URL for the seamline services, which provides the image dates and other pertinent information about the NAIP acquisition. In addition, there are reference points to how to download NAIP CCMs and how to order uncompressed NAIP digital ortho quarter quad tiles (DOQQs), historical NAIP, and other historical imagery dating back to 1955.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the use of satellite-borne Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (InSAR) to precisely measure, monitor, and assess small changes in land surface elevation resulting from human-induced or naturally occuring land subsidence.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on the impacts of agricultural practicesSphinx 1.4a0 documentation Search Sphinx 1.4a0 documentationN/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service parking lot inventory includes parking lots owned and maintained by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on National Wildlife Refuges, National Fish Hatcheries and other properties. In a phased 5 year project, Pacific Western Technologies, a contractor for the U.S. Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration conducted surveys of roads and associated road features such as parking lots on National Wildlife Refuges and other properties managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Refuge. Road conditions were noted and locations collected with Trimble GPS receivers. Road Inventory Reports are available at http://resourcegis.org/egis/ds/reportsearch.aspx for each Refuge or Fish Hatchery. Each report details parking lot asset number, date visited, surface type, area in square feet, condition and cost to improve for the parking lots in each Refuge or Fish Hatchery. In addition to the information in the report, the dataset also includes information on the number of parking spaces per parking lot. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Information Resource and Technology Management removed all cost related information from this dataset and added the Refuge or Fish Hatchery name. Parking lots located outside of the boundaries of lands managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service were deleted from this data set.WMSPI: Josh Roering, University of Oregon. The survey was conducted in three days over the Eel River at the southwestern corner of Trinity County, the southeastern corner of Humboldt County extending slightly into the northern portion of Mendocino County. Data covers a 264 square kilometer area over the Eel River and was collected from September 24 - 26, 2006. The purpose of the survey was to investigate landsliding and the evolution of mountainous landscapes.ISCB - International Society for Computational BiologyChemical, physical and profile oceanographic data were collected aboard the RYAN CHOUEST in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-09-04 to 2010-09-08 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH), conductivity, dissolved oxygen, fluorescence, hydrostatic pressure, methane, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, fluorometer, gas chromatograph, methane sensor and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. The Hydrocarbon Sensor Array data are raw and provisional. (NODC Accession 0069120)Online booklet on the San Andreas fault system on the California coastal region with discussion of faults, relationship of faults and earthquakes, magnitude of earthquakes, and earthquake probability.Barrow field campaign data from April 2011 in Prudoe Bay, Alaska.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 8x8 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The NEFSC bottom trawl survey is a fisheries independent, multi-species survey that provides the primary scientific data for fisheries assessments in the U.S. mid-Atlantic and New England regions. Two bottom trawl surveys are conducted each year, one in the spring and one in the autumn. The survey is a standardized, stratified random design, with stratification based on bathymetry and multiple trawl sites within each stratum. Trawl sites are selected randomly, but the overall ship path is south to north. The survey covers the continental shelf and U.S. exclusive economic zone (EEZ) from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina into the Canadian EEZ. The primary gear is a bottom trawl, with CTD, multifrequency echosounder, and a host of other scientific sensor data collected ancillary to the bottom trawl catches.Map showing a network of selected ground water wells in the U.S. The water levels in these wells are used to monitor the effects of droughts and other climate variability.Estimates of annual peak-streamflow frequency are needed for flood-plain management, assessment of flood risk, and design of structures, such as roads, bridges, culverts, dams, and levees.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. These point data were generated to conduct ground validation during map preparation.EM300 and EM3002D multibeam Data were collected from May 12-22, 2007, aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Santa Rosa Reef, Guam Island, Rota Island, Aguijan Island, Tinian Island, and Saipan Island during cruise HI0702. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. Horizontal accuracy is 20 m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from ~20-3000 m. Concurrent mapping at Santa Rosa Reef, Guam Island, Rota Island, Tinian Island, and Saipan Island was done by the R/V AHI in water depths ranging from ~10-350m with the data set being AHI0702; (metadata for AHI0702 are submitted separately.)The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis dataset contains case counts, rates, and confidence intervals of heat-related inpatient hospitalizations and ED visits among California residents for the years 2000-2005 for ED visits, and 2000-2010 for hospitalizations. These data are stratified by year, county of residence, age group, race/ethnicity and gender. Crude and age-adjusted rates and confidence intervals are included.Annual Climatological Summary contains historical monthly and annual summaries for over 8000 U.S. locations. Observing stations are located in the United States of America, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and Pacific islands of the U.S. and associated nations. The major parameters are: monthly mean maximum, mean minimum and mean temperatures; monthly total precipitation and snowfall; departure from normal of the mean temperature and total precipitation; monthly heating and cooling degree days; number of days that temperatures and precipitation are above or below certain thresholds; and extreme daily temperature and precipitation amounts. Annual Climatological Summary is derived from the NCDC Summary of the Month dataset (DSI-3220).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NGDC Seafloor Sediment Geotechnical Properties Database contains test engineering properties data coded by students at NGDC from primarily U.S. Naval Oceanographic Office laboratory reports, but also from data reports generated by NOAA's Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory (AOML). These files consist of very few reports coded at NGDC into the historic "074" format which was then incorporated into the historic "073" digital format for physical properties of sediments. Coding was a test case, and full scale development of the data file was never undertaken.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. This digital surface model (mean_DSM) represents mean above-ground height of vegetation returns.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on extreme events and disturbancesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Rugosity is derived from gridded (5 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard NOAA Ship Hiialaka'i and R/V AHI, using the Benthic Terrain Modeler with rugosity methods by Jeff Jenness (2003). Cell values reflect the surface area to planimetric area ratio for the area contained within that cell's neighborhood. They provide indices of topographic roughness & convolutedness. This data set is for the shelf and slope environment of Rota Island.Published data layers and information from the U.S. Atlantic Coast, U.S. Gulf Coast, Caribbean region (Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands), and U.S. Pacific Coast from the usSEABED project of the U.S. Geological Survey, Coastal and Marine Geology Program (CMGP) and the University of Colorado.A chapter of the publication: Land Use History of North America on general patterns of plant species diversity in North America that shows how these patterns have changed over time.The VT Cable Modem dataset (CABLEMOD2005) includes lines depicting the extent of Vermont's cable modem broadband system as of 12/31/2005. This data layer was generated by extracting a subset of features from UtilityTelecom_CABLE2005. The following subset was used: CABLECO = Adelphia, Charter, Duncan Cable, Jeffersonville, North Country Cable, Smuggler's Notch, Southern Vermont Cable, Stowe Cablevision, or Transvideo. These represent cable companies which also provide broadband "cable modem" service within their territory.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during July 2011.This map layer contains the shallowest principal aquifers of the conterminous United States, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, portrayed as polygons. The map layer was developed as part of the effort to produce the maps published at 1:2,500,000 in the printed series "Ground Water Atlas of the United States". The published maps contain base and cultural features not included in these data. This is a replacement for the July 1998 map layer called Principal Aquifers of the 48 Conterminous United States.STORRE STORRE: Stirling Online Research RepositoryNOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Provides location-depth grids of bathymetry available for San Francisco Bay and tools for examining those grids. Data provided as GIS grids and animations.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateWe estimated means of 126 billion barrels of oil and 679 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas in 31 geologic provinces of South America and the Caribbean using a geology based assessment methodology.Beaker 1.6.2 documentation Search Beaker 1.6.2 documentationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Adaptation of a poster presented at Metals in Antiquity Symposium, Harvard, September 10-13, 1997.This project has three objectives (tasks): 1) operate and maintain the Mangrove Hydrology sampling network; 2) study the dynamics of coastal vegetation (mangroves, marshes) in relation to sea-level, fire, disturbance and restoration; and, 3) measure rates of sediment surface elevation change and soil accretion or loss in coastal mangrove forests and brackish marshes of the Everglades and determine how sediment elevation varies in relation to hydrology (i.e. the restoration).NESCent Ambassador Program Search NESCent Ambassador Program - Empowering, training and supporting scientists and educators worldwideCollege of Education WebsiteLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Vyh ad vanie na webe Debianu.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Geodetic Survey (NGS), an office of NOAA's National Ocean Service (NOS), coordinates a network of geodetic-quality CORS stations that provide Global Positioning System (GPS) carrier phase and code range measurements in support of 3-dimensional positioning activities throughout the United State and its territories. The positions of these CORS sites help define the National Spatial Reference System (NSRS). NGS defines and manages the NSRS - the framework for latitude, longitude, height, scale, gravity, orientation and shoreline throughout the U.S. The NSRS provides a consistent national coordinate system to support mapping, charting, navigation, boundary determination, property delineation, infrastructure development, resource evaluation surveys, and scientific applications. The CORS system enables positional accuracies that approach a few centimeters relative to the NSRS, both horizontally and vertically.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The study will conduct a seven-day geophysical survey using magnetometer, sidescan sonar, and sub-bottom profiler to identify targets. On two subsequent six-day cruises divers will ground truth targets in an attempt to locate and identify one or more of the lost French ships.In 2005, about 30.6 million gallons per day (Mgal/d) of water was withdrawn here, including about 30.4 Mgal/d from groundwater and 0.1 Mgal/d from surface water. Industrial use, primarily for wood products, accounted for about 72 percent (22 Mgal/d).Overview of research of the Ecology Branch on the ecological consequences of habitat degradation due to altered environment, nonindigenous species, and atmospheric alterations. Includes links to staff and research projects.USGS responses to and studies of the hazards and impact of major hurricanes, tsunamis, and El Nino storms. Includes links to oblique aerial photography and LIDAR surveys recording coastal changes and other effects of storms and waves.WMSNOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data provides global area coverage at 0.1 degrees resolution. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is one of the technologies that has the potential to mitigate the effects of climate change. In simple terms, COFile 100-007b is a 60-m ASCII grid of depth data collected near Maro Reef in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as of May 2003. This grid has been produced as part of the "Bathymetric Atlas of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands -- A Planning Document for Benthic Habitat Mapping -- Draft -- May 2003. Data sources for the downloadable grids include: multibeam bathymetry from Simrad EM1002 and EM120 sonars aboard the R/V Kilo Moana collected in October/November 2003; multibeam bathymetry data from a SeaBeam 210 sonar aboard the R/V Kai'imikai-O-Kanaloa collected in 2000-2002; LIDAR data obtained using the LADS MK II lidar system; and depth data derived from IKONOS satellite imagery. No tidal corrections have been applied to the data. The data source location for each type of data is indicated in the "dot plot" browse objects. Additional single-beam bathymetric data are available in this area and are indicated on the 100-007b Plot C browse object, but these less accurate depths are not included in the downloadable grid. Multibeam data were processed using SABER editing software and MBSystem and multibeam, LIDAR and IKONOS data were integrated using MBSystem, and GMT. Grid spacing is 60-m, horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation.WMSAn existing Perdido Bay model was used and modified for this Perdido Bay oil spill project. The model consist of 989 cells on the horizontal plane in the modeling domain, and each cell is further subdivided into 4 vertical layers with an equal depth. Th existing EFDC model of Perdido Bay was updated to simulate hydrodynamics and dye transport for year 2010. The EFDC hydrodynamic models resulting from this research can be linked (in the future) to WASP water quality models for explorations on oil-related contaminants.The goal of the Bonaire 2008 expedition is to survey this unique environment over a greater depth range than can be reached with compressed air scuba, using three autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), technical diving, and (in a future year) a manned submersible.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consist of routes that make up a linear surface water drainage network. The National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the nation's surface water drainage system. NHD data was originally developed at 1:100,000-scale and exists at that scale for the whole country. This high-resolution NHD, generally developed at 1:24,000/1:12,000 scale, adds detail to the original 1:100,000-scale NHD. (Data for Alaska, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands was developed at high-resolution, not 1:100,000 scale.) Local resolution NHD is being developed where partners and data exist. The NHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on water bodies and the approximate shorelines of the Great Lakes, the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and the Gulf of Mexico. The NHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.This dataset consists of SnowNet Barrow site field campaign data. Our site in Barrow is located generally at 71 degrees 17'N, 156 degrees 34'W in what is called the Barrow Ecological Observatory east of Barrow, Alaska. The consists of a cluster of towers that carry instruments that report times series of things like temperature and wind speed, plus a network of field markers along which spot measurements of depth and snow water equivalent are made, and a site at long a snow fence that is used to measure the drift volume as a function of time.Search Chronicling America TitlesWMSSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) operated the D/V GLOMAR CHALLENGER from 1968-1983, drilling 1,112 holes at 624 sites worldwide. The DSDP was funded by the US National Science Foundation and several foreign countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES), and was operated by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The DSDP data management group at SIO compiled a full suite of computerized marine geological and geophysical data files before they were disbanded in 1987, at which time the data files were transferred to NGDC and to the Ocean Drilling Program at Texas A University for distribution.In 1989, with support from, and in cooperation with, the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, Inc., U.S. Science Support Program, NGDC produced two compact discs (CDROM) containing all computerized DSDP data. In 2000, all but the logging and geophysical data were re-released as 1 CD-ROM with an HTML interface. Data are available for free online download. In 2007, the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) transferred digital images of all core photographs and closeup core photographs in their collection to NGDC for archive. Due to their volume, these data are not available online, but are archived and available on request. The photo collections consists of 17,635 high-resolution TIFF files, volume 553.34 gigabytes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Use CalName to search our event calendar.WMSInformation on world earthquake activity with links to facts and lists on large earthquakes, earthquake e-mail notification, hazards and preparedness, educational links, news and highlights and other seismic information.University of Leeds Forms ServiceThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset consists of SnowNet Barrow site time series data. The Barrow site is located generally at 71 degrees 17 minutes North, 156 degrees 34 minutes West in what is called the Barrow Ecological Observatory east of Barrow, Alaska. The consists of a cluster of towers that carry instruments that report times series of things like temperature and wind speed, plus a network of field markers along which spot measurements of depth and snow water equivalent are made, and a site at long a snow fence that is used to measure the drift volume as a function of time.WFS Service for RGIS dataset NM School District Boundaries (b4ae8f53-8dff-46bb-9058-e5501cabdd1b)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.In September of 2009, flooding in parts of Georgia reached levels expected every 500 years. Specific measurements we made and other facts about these disasters described here should help people prepare for floods here and elsewhere.A Group for HIgh Resolution Sea Surface Temperature (GHRSST) dataset for the North Atlantic Region (NAR) from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on the NOAA-16 platform (launched on 21 Sep 2000). This particular dataset is produced by the European Organization for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT), Ocean and Sea Ice Satellite Application Facility (OSI SAF) in France. The AVHRR is a space-borne scanning sensor on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) family of Polar Orbiting Environmental Satellites (POES) having a operational legacy that traces back to the Television Infrared Observation Satellite-N (TIROS-N) launched in 1978. AVHRR instruments measure the radiance of the Earth in 5 (or 6) relatively wide spectral bands. The first two are centered around the red (0.6 micrometer) and near-infrared (0.9 micrometer) regions, the third one is located around 3.5 micrometer, and the last two sample the emitted thermal radiation, around 11 and 12 micrometers, respectively. The legacy 5 band instrument is known as AVHRR/2 while the more recent version, the AVHRR/3 (first carried on the NOAA-15 platform), acquires data in a 6th channel located at 1.6 micrometer. Typically the 11 and 12 micron channels are used to derive sea surface temperature (SST) sometimes in combination with the 3.5 micron channel. The highest ground resolution that can be obtained from the current AVHRR instruments is 1.1 km at nadir. The NOAA platforms are sun synchronous generally viewing the same earth location twice a day (latitude dependent) due to the relatively large AVHRR swath of approximately 2400 km. The NAR products are SST fields derived from direct broadcast High Resolution Picture Transmission (HRPT) AVHRR data that are re-mapped onto a stereopolar grid to produce mosaics at 2 km resolution. An operational AVHRR cloud mask is applied based on a multi-spectral thresholding algorithm (Derrien and Le Gleau 1999). Some refinements specific to the marine conditions have been introduced including the use of fine scale climatology and a fine gradiant climatology to assist in the detection of clouds in areas characterised by strong thermal gradients. L2P data products are then derived following the GHRSST-PP Data Processing Specification (GDS) version 1.5 including Single Sensor Error Statistics (SSES). Although the dataset designation is "L2P" it is actually a "L3C" dataset (gridded Level 3 collated) as defined by the GHRSST Data Processing Specification version 2.0. This dataset was originally produced for the GHRSST Pilot Project (GHRSST-PP), the precursor to GHRSST, by the Medspiration Regional Data Assembly Center (RDAC) in Europe. As one of the first datasets produced as a prototype for the GHRSST-PP it assumed an incorrect designation of "L2P".Educational volcano site providing answers to frequently asked volcano questions with links to other general information on volcanoes and to information on specific volcanoes including the Cascade Range volcanoes.Scientific description of the likely effects of a significant earthquake on this densely populated area.These British Geological Survey (BGS) marine sampling surveys took place from May 2000 to June 2001 in the Mersey estuary. The purpose was to obtain the data necessary for a study of the estuarine geochemistry of the Mersey estuary. Sampling was undertaken using Environment Agency vessels; the hovercraft Sea Spray was used May-July and September/October 2000 and May/June 2001; Sea Jet was used 15/16 February 2001 and RV Coastal Guardian, 8/9 February 2001. Seabed samples were obtained using a Day grab; Mackereth corer and manual beach surface sampling and hand coring. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS report RR/10/002.A one 1000 ml (one Liter) water sample was collected every 20 days at 2 hour and 4 minute intervals for 2 complete tidal cycles (26 hours) with an ISCO automated water sampler at a depth of 0.5 meters below the water's surface. The water samples were brought into the lab and analyzed for salinity, chlorophyll a, nitrogen (total whole and dissolved, ammonia, and nitrate-nitrite), phosphorus (total and dissolved and ortho phosphate), dissolved organic carbon, suspended sediment (total suspended sediment, inorganic suspended sediment, organic suspended sediment), and suspended sediment color. Tide stage based on published NOAA tide charts for each sample were also included in the database. Samples were simultaneously collected from three of the four sample sites. Three sites are located in salt marsh tidal creeks found in the North Inlet Estuary. These samples are taken at the end of Oyster Landing dock (OL) in Crab Haul Creek, the upper reaches of Debidue Creek (DC) near the boundary between Hobcaw Barony and the Debordieu Colony, and Clambank Landing Dock (CB) in Clambank Creek. The other site is located adjacent to the Winyah Bay Estuary. The Thousand Acre (TA) samples are taken near the mouth of a small tidal creek that connects the Thousand Acre Rice Field to Winyah Bay. For more information on the sample sites, see the Description of Geographic Extent Section.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The coastal vulnerability index (CVI)provides a preliminary overview, at a National scale, of the relative susceptibility of the Nation's coast to sea-level rise. This initial classification is based upon variables including geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tide range, wave height, relative sea-level rise, and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables and the association of these variables to each other furnish a broad overview of coastal regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise. To make this coastal vulnerability index data more accessible to the public and other agencies, the USGS created this web service. This web service was created utilizing ESRI ArcServer. Vector layers were collected, organized by the coastal regions of the U.S., U.S. Atlantic, Pacific and Gulf of Mexico Coasts, and symbology made consistent among similar data sets. This service meets open geospatial consortium standards. The geographic information system (GIS) data layers from this web service are cataloged by region for ease of access.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.WMSThis data set contains the locations of volcanos in Cook Inlet and Kenai Peninsula, Alaska. Vector points in the data set represent the location of the volcanos. Location-specific type and source information are stored in relational data tables (described below) designed to be used in conjunction with this spatial data layer.This data set comprises a portion of the Environmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) data for Cook Inlet and Kenai Peninsula. ESI data characterize the marine and coastal environments and wildlife by their sensitivity to spilled oil. The ESI data include information for three main components: shoreline habitats, sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemDescription of research studies of the Lake Roosavelt-Upper Columbia area on contaminants and effects on environmental health with links to publications and products, partners, related links, project summaries, and contacts.This is an INTERIM delivery of the HOSPITALS layer.This database contains locations of Hospitals for 50 states and Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. The dataset only includes hospital facilities and does not include nursing homes. Data for all the states (except for AK,AS,GU,HI,KS,MP,MT,NY,PR,TX,VI,WI, & WY) was acquired from respective states departments or their open source websites and then geocoded and converted into a spatial database. Data for AK,AS,GU,HI,KS,MP,MT,NY,PR,TX,VI,WI,& WY was appended from HSIP version 2012 as verification and validation of data for these states was not complete at time of delivery. For the remaining states after geocoding the exact spatial location of each point was moved to rooftops wherever possible and points which have been physically verified have been labeled "Geocode", "Imagery", "Imagery with other" and "Unverified" depending on the methodology used to move the points. Attribution of some of the fields has not been completed for this interim delivery and will be completed in the next version.Search Eastern Mennonite UniversityThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) (NTAD 2014) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Congressional Districts are the 435 areas from which people are elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. After the apportionment of congressional seats among the States based on census population counts, each State is responsible for establishing congressional districts for the purpose of electing representatives. Each congressional district is to be as equal in population to all other congressional districts in a State as practicable. The congressional districts for the 113th Congress (January 2013 to 2015) are the first Congressional Districts based on 2010 Census data. The TIGER/Line shapefiles for the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas (American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) each contain a single record for the non-voting delegate district in these areas. The boundaries of all other congressional districts are provided to the Census Bureau through the Redistricting Data Program (RDP).This dataset represents the availability of wireline broadband Internet access in Rhode Island via "Optical Carrier - Fiber to the End User" technology. Broadband availability is summarized at the census block level using the US Census Bureau's 2010 decennial census measurement areas. These data were compiled by Broadband Rhode Island (http://broadband.ri.gov) in support of the National Telecommunications and Infrastructure Administration (NTIA) State Broadband Initiative (http://www2.ntia.doc.gov/sbdd). Broadband is considered to be available within a census block if a facilities-based provider of broadband service currently serves at least one location within the block, or can provide broadband services of minimal characteristics to at least one location within the block within 7 - 10 business days. For each census block, the provider name and the respective technologies they provide are represented. In addition, general categories for maximum advertised upload and download speeds are also reported for most provider / technology type / census block combinations.Open Energy Information (en)Search Assessment Compact Good Practice Exemplars on Brookes WikiHandbook on monitoring methods for lake management, including program design, sampling methods and protocol, biota and chemical sampling methods, laboratory methods, preservation of data and samples, glossary, and bibliography. (PDF file, 92 pp.)Website for the Columbia Environmental Research Center with links to staff, publications, databases, field stations, and projects including those on the Rio Grande, burrowing owls, sea turtles, and geospatial technology.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Information on porphyry copper deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, a general classification based on geologic setting, mineralogy, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemChloride concentrations in this river have historically been high due to natural saltwater springs and seeps from geologic formations. We monitor the water to help assess the progress of human efforts designed to mitigate this problematic salinity.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data includes segments of Arkansas streams that have been designated as Natural and Scenic Waterways, as indicated by Regulation No. 2 of the Arkansas Pollution Control And Ecology Commission. It consists of a subset of the stream segments from the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) Medium Resolution (1:100,000) Flowline.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data represents the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.435 (a)(2)(ii), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart S Reef Fish Fishery of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, Seasonal closures applicable to broad categories of fish or to all fishing, Red hind spawning aggregation areas as of 6/27/14.Open Data | City of ProvidenceHumanitarian Response's food security datais responsive to employer and worker needs, flexible to the changing environment and driven by principles of quality, continuous improvement, customer satisfaction and fiscal responsibility.Matplotlib 1.4.2 documentation Search Matplotlib 1.4.2 documentationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Discussions and posters about agriculture, ecology, hydrology, ecosystems, and resource management efforts in south Florida.Queen Mary Research Online Queen Mary Research Online DSpace repositoryUSGS developed The National Map (TNM) Gazetteer as the Federal and national standard (ANSI INCITS 446-2008) for geographic nomenclature based on the Geographic Names Information System (GNIS). The National Map Gazetteer contains information about physical and cultural geographic features, geographic areas, and locational entities that are generally recognizable and locatable by name (have achieved some landmark status) and are of interest to any level of government or to the public for any purpose that would lead to the representation of the feature in printed or electronic maps and/or geographic information systems. The dataset includes features of all types in the United States, its associated areas, and Antarctica, current and historical, but not including roads and highways. The dataset holds the federally recognized name of each feature and defines the feature location by state, county, USGS topographic map, and geographic coordinates. Other attributes include names or spellings other than the official name, feature classification, and historical and descriptive information. The dataset assigns a unique, permanent feature identifier, the Feature ID, as a standard Federal key for accessing, integrating, or reconciling feature data from multiple data sets. This dataset is a flat model, establishing no relationships between features, such as hierarchical, spatial, jurisdictional, organizational, administrative, or in any other manner. As an integral part of The National Map, the Gazetteer collects data from a broad program of partnerships with federal, state, and local government agencies and other authorized contributors. The Gazetteer provides data to all levels of government and to the public, as well as to numerous applications through a web query site, web map, feature and XML services, file download services, and customized files upon request. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain geographic names data by state in a pipe-delimited text format. For additional information on the GNIS, go to http://nationalmap.gov/gnis.html.WMSAn introduction to three related USGS digital libraries: the general-purpose Marine Realms Information Bank (MRIB); the regionally focused Monterey Bay Science (MBS) Digital Library; and the topically focused Coastal Change Hazards (CCH) Digital Library.Map of New Jersey showing the locations of all well sites where ground water-quality data exists in the USGS National Water Information System (NWIS) database.S k igenom Debians webbplatsWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data | San FranciscoStatistics and information on worldwide supply, demand, and flow of minerals and materials essential to the U.S. economy, national security, and protection of the environment. Links to publications, recycling, and historical statistics.This Demographic Data dataset, published at 1:100000 (1in=8333ft) scale, was produced all or in part from Other information as of 1991. It is described as 'U.S. Census 1990 Rhode Island Data; Sample Count, Calculated Percentages; s44dbm92; U.S. Census 1990 pop, housing, economic, education, ethnic origin, and employment information by town, tract, and block group level as derived from U.S. Census STF3a'. The extent of these data is generally Statewide Coverage in Rhode Island. This metadata was auto-generated through the Ramona GIS Inventory System (www.gisinventory.net) and does not represent all information about this data set.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Earth to Sky: An Innovative Partnership between NASA and National Park ServiceWMSGeologic glossary containing simplified definitions for technical terms used within the USGS/National Park Service website on national parks.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Hawaiian Volcano Observatory's latest news with links to information on Kilauea, Mauna Loa, and other volcanoes, earthquakes, volcanic hazards, photo archive, and general information about the center.Data generated by aerial sensing of radiation emanating from the earth's surface in Alaska provides general estimates of the geographic distribution of Uranium, Thorium, and Potassium in surficial and bedrock units throughout this area.Information about the causes and impact of hypoxia with links to USGS and other Federal agency information and activities related to nutrients in the Mississippi River Basin and hypoxia in the Gulf of Mexico.Non-State Conservation lands are real property permanently protected from future development by fee simple ownership, conservation or other restrictive easements, or deed restrictions held or enforceable by recognized land protection organizations other than the State of Rhode Island. These include, but are not limited to, the Audubon Society of Rhode Island, The Nature Conservancy, RI municipal governments, The United States Fish & Wildlife Service, private land trusts and other conservation groups. In addition to permanent legally conserved land, a number of properties documented in this dataset are included in a category called "Conservation Intent." This designation applies to areas such as local parks, recreation areas, or lands associated with cluster sub-division developments that are not strictly protected by a fee simple or easement interest held by a recognized conservation organization. Instead they are considered protected by the good-will of the owners (both municipal and private) to prevent or restrict future development beyond the existing use.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThis layer is the Ozark-St. Francis National Forest Management Area polygons. Management Areas are areas within a National Forest having desired conditions, suitable uses, management objectives, and design criteria in common.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Doorzoek de kennisbank en het ondersteuningsforum van Mozilla Support.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines, as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments, conducted at 2 sites at Oahu in the Main Hawaiian Islands from July 27 - August 20 2006, aboard the NOAA ship Hi'ialakai, during the Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0610. Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.Online database of faults and associated folds in the United States that are believed to be sources of significant earthquakes during the last 1.6 million years.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 12 towboard surveys (27.6491 km in length), were conducted at Lisianski Island during the NW Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise OES0306 from 12 July - 17 August 2003. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.The high resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the nation's surface water drainage system. The original medium-resolution NHD (scale 1:100,000) was created by merging the USGS 1:100,000 DLG linework with the USEPA RF3 (Reach File 3) attribution. High resolution NHD (scale: 1:24,000) adds more accurate and detailed stream and lake information to the original 1:100,000-scale NHD. High resolution NHD contains reach codes for networked features and isolated lakes, flow direction, names, stream level, and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined to represent waterbodies (lakes) and the approximate shoreline of Lake Superior. USGS is working in cooperation with several agencies to create high-resolution NHD data for all major watersheds in Minnesota, using the DNR 1:24,000 streams and lakes linework as the base. These agencies include the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, the Land Management Information Center, the Spatial Analysis Research Center at St. Cloud State University, and the U. S. Forest Services Offices in the Chippewa and Superior National Forests.These images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavailable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands available for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Males 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (ec48ab3f-b94d-4199-8d21-1b98a8a9b6bc)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.History and summary maps showing metal concentrations downstream of the mining area.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 8 towboard surveys (16.5529 km in length), were conducted at Oahu Island in the Main Hawaiian Islands from 16 October - 14 November 2008 as part of RAMP Cruise OES0810. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.Search the Debian website.Ice Coverage is measured by the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer for the Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) onboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.This map service presents spatial information about a Conservation Scenario for the East River Watershed of Brown County, WI. The service was developed as part of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management s collaboration with the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, but contains data and information from a variety of data sources, including non-NOAA data. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information. For additional information, please contact the NOAA Office for Coastal Management at coastal.info@noaa.gov. This map service is used in an application highlighted on the Great Lakes Coastal Resilience Planning Guide (http://greatlakesresilience.org/?page_id=867).Structures, projects, or sites which were issued a Floodplain Development Permit by the Iowa DNRThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.USCRN Daily Products are available on public FTP and derived from the USCRN processed data. Daily products include averages and calculated values for precipitation, air temperature, solar radiation, surface temperature, relative humidity, soil moisture, and soil temperature on a daily time scale. Other products are available from USCRN, including sub-hourly, hourly, and monthly products. It is the general practice of USCRN to not calculate derived variables if the input data to these calculations are flagged. These data records are versioned based on the processing methods and algorithms used for the derivations, and data are updated when the higher quality raw data become available from stations' datalogger storage (Datalogger Files).The Q3 Flood Data are derived from the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMS) published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The file is georeferenced to earth's surface using geographic projection and decimal degree coordinate system. The specifications for the horizontal control of Q3 Flood Data files are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:24000.Article on geology and hydrogeology of the Florida Keys with sections on Holocene and Pleistocene geology, water resources, and introduction with a brief history and overview of early studies.This expedition represents the culmination of ongoing collaboration between National Institute for Undersea Science and Technology- Ocean Biotechnology Center and Repository and University of New Hampshire explorers that use technical diving to characterize deep reef communities and to assess the organisms for their biotechnology potential. Marc Slattery and company have experience working in the twilight zone of the Bahamas and Cayman Islands, and preliminary data from these studies indicate that the deep reef sponges are significantly more bioactive and biodiverse than the surrounding shallow reefs. To date, the Indo-Pacific deep reefs have been relatively unexplored despite the fact that this region encompasses far more biodiversity than the Caribbean.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NCALM Project. PI: Mark Lorang, The University of Montana- Missoula. The survey area is an 90 square kilometer box located 40 km northeast of Kalispell, Montana This area was flown on May 29, 2005 and completed on May 30, 2005. Lidar data from the Nyack Floodplain on the Middle Fork of the Flathead River was collected for several purposes. The first was to provide a base image from which we could place a network of groundwater wells. The data was also used combination with optical remotes sensing data, both airborne and satellite, to identify pixels within multispectral optical imagery that corresponded to various vegetation height elevations. Those pixels were then separately classified by vegetation type. Data was also used to conduct simple flood inundation modeling of the floodplain and in combination with measures of flow depth and velocity extracting water surface elevation from the lidar to map the spatial distribution of stream power. This area has a repeat survey from Spetember 2005: Flathead Lake Biological Station, MT (September 2005).Map of Mesilla Valley showing channel of the Rio Grande River previous to 1844. Scale 1 inch - 1 mile.NOAA's National Climatic Data Center is now producing the Regional Snowfall Index (RSI) for significant snowstorms that impact the eastern two thirds of the U.S. The RSI ranks snowstorm impacts on a scale from 1 to 5, similar to the Fujita scale for tornadoes or the Saffir-Simpson scale for hurricanes. NCDC has analyzed and assigned RSI values to over 500 storms going as far back as 1900. New storms are added operationally. As such, RSI puts the regional impacts of snowstorms into a century-scale historical perspective. The RSI differs from other indices because it includes population. RSI is based on the spatial extent of the storm, the amount of snowfall, and the juxtaposition of these elements with population. The area and population are cumulative values above regional specific thresholds. For example, the thresholds for the Southeast are 2", 5", 10", and 15" of snowfall while the thresholds for the Northeast are 4", 10", 20", and 30" of snowfall. Population information ties the index to societal impacts. Currently, the index uses population based on the 2000 Census. The RSI is an evolution of the Northeast Snowfall Impact Scale (NESIS) which NCDC began producing operationally in 2005. While NESIS was developed for storms that had a major impact in the Northeast, it includes the impact of snow on other regions as well. It can be thought of as a quasi-national index that is calibrated to Northeast snowstorms. By contrast, the RSI is a regional index; a separate index is produced for each of the six NCDC climate regions in the eastern two-thirds of the nation. The indices are calculated in a similar fashion to NESIS, but our experience has led us to propose a change in the methodology. The new indices require region-specific parameters and thresholds for the calculations. For details on how RSI is calculated, see Squires et al. 2011.Geologic evidence, combined with geographical data and analyized through a geographic information system allows us to compare production statistics with likely resource estimates.A wide variety of web interfaces providing scientific information in geographic form for exploration and analysis, developed by this organization that focuses on geospatial analysis.This set expands the topics included in Set 1 and includes (in addition to landslides) rockfalls, rock avalanches, mud flows, debris flows, slumps, creep, and sinkholes. The photos were taken in California, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Washington state, and the countries of Peru and Puerto Rico. Eighteen of the slides depict events that occurred between 1980 and 1999.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemWMSInvestigation of the upper- and middle continental slope of the Mississippi Canyon, including the Gulf of Mexico, for the distribution of gas-hydrate deposits with links to a DEM image map, bathymetry data, and research technology.Scientific issues we should consider when conduction high flow experiments to ameliorate the negative effects of dams on native river species and fluvial processes.News and related information focusing on the hazards associated with floods in the United States.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationTIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.goworldwind.org Search goworldwind.org - All World Wind resources in one placeThese images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavailable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands available for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.Nationa network of seismic monitoring stations coordinated with a variety of regional organizations and academic institutions.Open Bioinformatics Foundation (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search ScranWe estimated potential, technically recoverable oil and gas resources for source rocks of the Alaska North Slope. Estimates range from zero to 2 billion barrels of oil and from zero to nearly 80 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.Locations for nine species of large constrictors, from published sources, along with monthly precipitation and average monthly temperature for those locations. Shapefiles for each snake species studied.Specialized monitoring systems installed in a VA hospital in Memphis, TN will help us to design safer hospitals and other buildings and to prevent loss of life in this and similar earthquake-prone areas.The Centre National Pour l'Exploitation des Oceans (CNEXO) ferromanganese nodule analysis files consist of geochemical data from published reports pertaining to oceanic ferromanganese deposits, including Russian, since 1891. Data were compiled under the direction of J.M. Monget of Ecoles de Mines, Paris through 1976 and contain data for nearly 200 core, dredge, and grab samples. Data include method of analysis, oxide/item/element concentrations, location, water depth, sample lithology, and bibliographic references. The CNEXO data are also available as part of the NGDC marine minerals database and are offered on the NOAA & MMS Marine Minerals CD-ROM data set released by NGDC in October of 1992. The CNEXO data are also available for direct download from NGDC's web server.These data are a selection of geographic and cartographic information from the 1998 TIGER/Line files detailing counties and statistically equivalent entities. CUGIR, The Cornell University Geospatial Information Repository, using US Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census data, developed the GIS data set versions of 1998 Census TIGER/Line files for 10 coverages for each of the 62 counties in New York State.Coordinates our efforts to address challenges resulting from climate change and to empower natural resource managers with rigorous scientific information and effective tools for decision-making.This polyline data set contains the locations of oil and gas pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf federal waters that are associated with the oil and gas industry s pipeline infrastructure. Note: Pipelines are being added or modified continuously; obtaining updates of this data are required to know the true distribution of pipeline data.Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record. Contains the pipeline arcs as of December 2014. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 2 sites around Zealandia Bank in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 3 September - 1 October 2005 in the NOAA Oscar Elton Sette (OES 0511) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Colorado Information Marketplace | data.colorado.govDescribes the history, geologic changes (including the glacial formation and sea level changes), and geologic mapping of Cape Cod, Massachusetts.Post overhall testing of AlvinThe USGS Elevation Availability service from The National Map (TNM) shows the best available resolution of downloadable elevation data, and is updated approximately every two weeks with National Elevation Dataset (NED) releases. NED 2- (in Alaska only), 1-, and 1/3-arc-second data are staged for download by 1x1 degree tiles in ArcGrid, GridFloat, or IMG formats in The National Map viewer, while NED 1/9 arc-second data is staged by 15x15 minute tiles in IMG format only. For additional information on the NED, go to http://ned.usgs.gov/.This database contains trip-level reports submitted by vessels participating in Exempted Fishery projects with IVR reporting requirements.England's Shipping was a pioneering project that researched ways of mapping evidence of historic shipping in UK waters in order to improve the incorporation of such evidence into the assessment of archaeological potential of the seabed. For the project, information has been collated about traditional trade routes and patterns of shipping movements; modern and historic approaches to ports and harbours; incidents of contemporaneous large scale shipping losses such as sea battles; navigational hazards; and historic shipping losses where physical remains have been identified on the seabed. The digital archive consists of a Source Appraisal, Year 1 and Year 2 Reports and an additional Mapping report.Center for Ocean-Atmospheric Prediction StudiesThe UNDP GEF Small Grants Programme (SGP) and Partnerships in Environmental Management for the Seas of East Asia (PEMSEA) believe in the inherent and important role of community-based organizations (CBOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and people's organizations (POs) in sustainable development.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThis collection of bathymetric contour maps which represent the seafloor topography includes over 400 individual titles and covers US offshore areas including Hawaii and Alaska. Most titles are available in full color while some titles are available only in black/white. Maps are available as paper copy, scanned images on CD and scanned images downloadable from NGDC's web site. These maps/images are not to be used for navigational purposes.Physics Frontline Search Physics Frontline - Your scientific source for news, analysis and commentary relating to physics, science and technologyThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This GIS shapefile data illustrates town center new growth areas included in the Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan Vision. Town center new growth areas include local employment, retail, and civic/cultural centers with a variety of multi- and single-family housing that is accessible by regional and local transit and regional roadways. The Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan process study area includes the 35 southernmost parishes of Louisiana.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 4 towboard surveys (8.6512 km in length), were conducted at Aguijan Island in the Marianas Archipelago from 19 August - 30 September 2003 as part of RAMP Cruise OES0307. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Site has links to Devils Postpile's geologic history, rocks and minerals, geologic time, geologic maps.Information on the NWRC Wetlands Ecology Branch, which conducts research related to sustainable management and restoration of the nation's coastal saltwater wetlands, freshwater wetlands, submerged aquatic ecosystems, and coastal prairie.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Issue: Relative Potential Loss of Canopy to Development, Urbanization and Recreation The intent of this issue is to: o Identify the areas at greatest risk of conversion from forestland to other uses-specifically development. o Identify those areas were pressure from off highway vehicle (OHV) use in undesignated areas can lead to degradation of forested areas. This layer was constructed using the following layers: 1. Development Potential The National Guidance suggested using the "Forests on the Edge" data developed by Dr. David Theobold, Colorado State University. These data use the SERGoM v3 model, described in the research paper Watersheds at Risk to Increased Impervious Surface Cover in the Conterminous United States, to predict housing density in ten-year increments from 2000 to 2030. By subtracting 2000 housing densities from 2030 predicted housing densities, we can express the potential areas of new development. The Theobold data broke out housing density into ten classes; we modified these to eight classes as follows: 1. No Development or >80 acres per unit (rural) 2. 40-80 acres per unit (rural 1) 3. 20-40 acres per unit (rural 1) 4. 10-20 acres per unit (rural 2) 5. 1.7-10 acres per unit (rural 2) 6. 0.6-1.7 acres per unit (exurban/urban) 7. <0.6 acres per unit (exurban/urban) 8. Urban/built up (commercial, industrial, transportation) When considering the movement from one density class to another, we wanted to make some judgment about the relative impact of that change. IDL Staff developed the following matrix showing values from 0 (no change) and 1 (low impact change) to 5 (highest impact change) and classified the data accordingly. The numbers in the colored boxes represent the housing density classes shown above. So, movement from density class 2 (one unit per 40 - 80 acres) in 2000 to density class 4 (10-20 acres per unit) by 2030 is considered a very high impact (value of five), A movement from density class 2 (one unit per 40 - 80 acres) in 2000 to density class 3 (one unit per 20-40) acres in 2030, on the other hand, is considered a high change (value of 4). 2030 No_Dev1 / Rural2 / Rural3 / Rural4 / Urban5 / Urban6 / Urban7 / Urban8 2000 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 No Dev 1 -- 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 Rural 2 -- -- 4 5 5 5 5 5 Rural 3 -- -- -- 4 5 5 5 5 Rural 4 -- -- -- -- 3 4 5 5 Urban 5 -- -- -- -- -- 2 4 5 Urban 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- 4 5 Urban 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 3 Urban 8 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Table Key -- = no or negative change 1 = low impact change 2 = low-moderate impact change 3 = moderate impact change 4 = high-moderate impact change 5 = high impact change 2. Recreation Pressure from ORV's We used a model developed by the Idaho Department of Lands that incorporated US Census data for population density, the number of ORV registrations by county, TIGER 2000-based streets dataset, and travel distance preferences from 2002 Recreation Demand Assessment by the Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation. We used the following assumptions in developing the model: o Census population can be used as a surrogate for overall recreation pressure o OHV registration totals by county can be used to estimate motorized recreation pressure o The public road network is how recreation pressure is transmitted and dispersed to forested lands o Recreation pressure comes primarily from urban population centers within and outside the state: 1. Boise/Nampa/Caldwell 2. Twin Falls 3. Pocatello 4. Ogden/Layton, UT 5. Logan, UT 6. Idaho Falls 7. Moscow, ID/Pullman, WA 8. Clarkston, WA/Lewiston, ID 9. Spokane, WA/Coeur d'Alene, ID o Recreation pressure on a forestland can come from multiple population centers and is additive o Recreation pressure decreases as travel time to a recreation destination increases (actually, not an assumption but confirmed by IDPR recreation demand surveys) o All parts of the state are equally desirable recreation destinations and certain destinations (such as resort areas, parks, etc.) do not attract more recreation pressure than others o Recreation activity is defined as that which lasts a day or less; multi-day recreation activities are not considered The result is a map that shows ORV pressure based on a 1 to 3 hour travel time. Those areas closest to urban areas (requiring less time to get to) were scored highest. Data was divided into three classes, scored 1 through 3. More information on this model can be found by reading the Modeling Recreation Pressure on Idaho Forest Lands. Issue Process: The two datasets were added together, and then stratified into 5 classes (low to high risk) using natural breaks in the data. Idaho Statewide Assessment of Forest Resources document contains additional information and can be found at: http://www.idl.idaho.gov/bureau/ForestAssist/safr/final/061410-ID-SAFR-FINAL.pdf.N/AGeology, geochemistry, geophysics, mineral occurrences, and mineral resource assessment for the commonwealth of Puerto RicoPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.WMSListing of South Florida Information Access (SOFIA) projects by regionThe National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.During the three week NOAA Ocean Exploration project, Bermuda Deep Water Caves 2011: Dives of Discovery, our four member deep team, aided by numerous assistants, conducted eight deep offshore dives to a maximum depth of 448 ft., in addition to eight photo, instrument deployment, and exploration dives in inland caves systems. Principal discoveries made during the expedition were a natural bridge cave at 215 ft. depth on the northern edge of the main Bermuda platform, a drowned reef at nearly the same depth off the south shore, a sea level notch at 370 ft. at the eastern edge, and regularly spaced vertical rifts and jagged, possibly volcanic, cliffs along the southeastern side of Challenger Bank at depths to nearly 450 ft. All of these features were formed during the Ice Ages when world sea level had retreated to the depths that we reached on these dives.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.State Plane Coordinate System Zones for North DakotaRadar indicated-rain gage verified and corrected hourly precipitation estimate on a corrected ~4km HRAP grid. This archive contains hourly estimates of precipitation from the river forecasting centers' archives that the data were available from. Documentation of the data and publication methodology is available here: http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/2013/3035 The Northwest, Southwest, and Colorado basin RFCs are not included in this archive because hourly data were not available from their archives. The time series represented here are not serially complete. Some periods are missing for unknown reasons. As these data were produced and quality controlled through a real time-manual process, there will be other unforseen issues with the data. Users are encouraged to analyze the data they receive to determine suitability and completeness prior to any application of the data. Real time data is being made available using an automated process that is prone to failures. No assurances are made that this service will continue to be available. Disclaimer: The U.S. Geological Survey assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, use, or validity of this data.Provides the ArcGIS Rest Services URLs for the public facing, most current year 1-meter 4-band NAIP web services for the lower 48 states, served by USDA-FSA Aerial Photography Field Office. It also provides the URL for the seamline services, which provides the image dates and other pertinent information about the NAIP acquisition. In addition, there are reference points to how to download NAIP CCMs and how to order uncompressed NAIP digital ortho quarter quad tiles (DOQQs), historical NAIP, and other historical imagery dating back to 1955.OHDR has published International Boundariesin Liberia on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.This dataset contains 4 Band, red, green, blue, infrared (RGBI) digital orthophoto imagery of the Big Fork and Little Fork watersheds (most of Koochiching county, northern Itasca county, the middle portion of St. Louis county), and southeast St. Louis County (Duluth-Superior) in northern Minnesota. The orthophotos are 0.3 meter ground sample distance (GSD) and are in UTM Zone 15, NAD83 (meters). The tiling format of the imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 150 meter buffer on all four sides. The dataset includes 614 digital orthophoto quarter quadrangles (DOQQs) in GeoTiff format with an associated world file, and this metadata file. The data is available online as a web mapping service (WMS). All imagery was collected by Keystone Aerial Surveys Inc with a Vexcel UltraCamX camera from an altitude of approximately 15,500 feet. All imagery was processed by Keystone using the camera manufacturer's software, Inpho's photogrammetry suite and Keystone-created software. Funding for this data was provided by the Minnesota Natural Heritage Fund, the Minnesota Clean Water Legacy Act, The Environmental and Natural Resources Trust Fund, St. Louis County, the Coastal Zone Management Program, and the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency.Homepage for USGS Volcano Hazards Program with feature stories, and links to worldwide volcano updates, volcanic hazards, reducing volcanic risk, USGS international programs, and resources such as educator's page, videos, and online reports.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.OPeNDAP Documentation (en)Information on video and still photography used to supplement laser altimetry measurements of the coast. The photography is used for recognizing geomorphic and cultural features impacted by storms. Links to photo collections of hurricanes and El Nino.As a component of a three year cooperative effort of the Washington State Department of Ecology and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, sediments from 100 locations in northern Puget Sound were tested to determine their relative quality. The purpose of this survey was to determine the quality of sediments in terms of the severity, spatial patterns, and spatial extent of chemical contamination, toxicity, and alterations to benthic infauna. The survey area encompassed the region from Port Gardner Bay north to the US / Canada border, excluding the San Juan Islands. Surficial sediments were tested and analyzed from each of the 100 locations. Data from the chemical analyses indicated that toxicologically significant contamination was restricted in scope to a relatively small portion of the region. The spatial extent of relatively severe contamination varied considerably among chemicals; however, less than 2% of the area was considered contaminated for most substances. Sediments from several sampling locations within Everett Harbor often had the highest chemical concentrations. In addition, samples from some stations in Bellingham Bay and other locations scattered throughout the study area had elevated concentrations of some substances. Data from four kinds of toxicity tests indicated a similar pattern: the degree of toxicity was highest in samples from Everett Harbor followed by those from other locations scattered within the survey region. The spatial extent of significant toxicity ranged from 0% to 5% among the toxicity tests. Wide ranges in several numerical indices of benthic infaunal structure indicated good correspondence with tests of toxicity and the concentrations of numerous chemical substances. That is, there was evidence of altered benthic populations in some areas nearest urban centers. Chemical contamination and toxicity of sediments were less severe in northern Puget Sound than in many other estuarine areas studied in the U.S. by NOAA. Results from similar analyses of samples from the central Puget Sound (sampled in 1998) and southern Puget Sound (sampled in 1999) will be compiled with the data from northern Puget Sound, to provide a broad-scale evaluation and quantitation of the spatial scales and patterns in sediment quality throughout the entire region.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) collaborated on the creation of eight global land survery (GLS) data collections: GLS1975, GLS1990, GLS2000, GLS2005, GLS2005-Islands (EO-1), GLS2010, GLS2010 Islands (EO-1) and GLSLIMA (Antarctica) . Each of these global data sets was created from the primary Landsat sensor in use at the time for those periods of time: the Multispectral Scanner in the 1970s, the Thematic Mapper (TM) in 1990's, and the Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus (ETM+) combined with TM data in 2000, 2005, and 2010. Direct downlink to a ground station was the only way to acquire Landsat 5 TM data, because unlike Landsat 7, the Landsat 5 satellite did not have an onboard solid-state recorder. To obtain Landsat 5 TM imagery for areas outside the United States, the USGS negotiated agreements with ground stations around the globe to downlink and send data to USGS. These agreements made thousands of additional Landsat 5 TM scenes available for GLS consideration. The GLS datasets are scene-based. Other decadal mosaics are available in the Landsat Legacy collections.Current river mechanics research on particle friction angles of fluvial gravels (data files compressed in BenHex, Winzip and Unix) and Grand Canyon Beach evolution (animation requiring Java 1.0) plus digital elevation files (*.hgx and *.zip files).This digital map database represents the general distribution of the geology (bedrock and surficial deposits) in San Mateo County. Accompanying text file (*.txt or *.ps) provides current information on the geologic structure and stratigraphy.Stream water quality is affected by amount of impermeable surface in the basin; construction; reservoirs; sanitary sewer systems; land use and population density; road salt; animal waste; lawn and agricultural fertilizers, pesticides, and herbicides.We assess the degree to which a consensus was reached on the flow rate of the well by comparing in situ observations with a time-dependent flow rate model derived from pressure readings taken after the Macondo well was shut in for the well integrity test.Boston Harbor/Massachusetts Bay Studies research project conducted as part of Boston Harbor cleanup to predict the fate of contaminants and sediments introduced to Massachusetts' coastal waters from sources that include Boston sewage outfall.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderUniversity of Oregon Scholars' Bank University of Oregon Scholars' Bank DSpace repositoryAfter the powerful earthquake of April 18, 1906, staff of the U.S. Geological Survey stationed in Sacramento and Berkeley brought help to the residents of devastated San Francisco, documented the effects of the quake, and investigated its causes.How will the increasing use of wind turbines affect populations of wild birds and bats? This shows which birds and bats we study, and the aspects of their ecology that may be affected by wind energy development.Zooplantkon and beach tar data were collected using plankton net casts in the Gulf of Alaska from the ALPHA HELIX. Data were collected from 01 March 1988 to 28 June 1988 by University of Alaska in Fairbanks; Institute of Marine Science with support from the Gulf of Alaska - 1 (GAK-1) project.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all tug and towing vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from tug and towing vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.A digital elevation model (DEM) of a portion of the eastern Florida coastline, post-Hurricane Jeanne (September 2004 hurricane), was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters, resulting in a laser swath of approximately 240 meters with an average point spacing of 2-3 meters. The EAARL, developed originally by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of +/-15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .The USGS_EROS_Ortho_SCALE service from The National Map (TNM) contains orthorectified digital aerial photographs and satellite imagery that are commonly referred to as orthoimagery. The imagery in this service is derived from high resolution images that combine the visual attributes of an aerial photograph with the spatial accuracy and geometric characteristics of a map. The resolution is primarily 1-meter, and the source imagery is acquired through partnerships with U.S. Department of Agriculture s Farm Service Agency and other cooperating Federal, State, and local agencies through the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). One meter resolution imagery means that each pixel in the orthoimage covers one meter on the earth s surface. The USGS_EROS_Ortho_SCALE service also has higher resolution orthoimagery acquired through partnerships with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and other State and local cooperating agencies. This data may be viewed at scales of 1:13,500 and larger. The resolution of this higher resolution orthoimagery is commonly 1-foot (0.3048-meter), such that each pixel in the orthoimage represents one foot on the earth s surface. However, this orthoimagery can be an even higher resolution, such as 6-inch (0.1524-meter). The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain orthoimagery in JPEG 2000 (jp2) format for the conterminous United States at 1-meter resolution, with many urban areas and other locations at 1-foot (or higher) resolution also in JPEG 2000 (jp2) format. For additional information on imagery products, go to https://lta.cr.usgs.gov/node/300 and https://lta.cr.usgs.gov/high_res_ortho/.This dataset provides access to the surface ownership administered by the ND Department of Trust Lands This data gets updated nightly. 7/15/2013 - Updates to tract polygons 5/30/2013 - Updates to tract polygons and removal of sold tracts 8/1/2011 - Removal of sold tractsThis dataset contains case counts, rates, and confidence intervals of unintentional carbon monoxide poisoning (CO) inpatient hospitalizations and emergency department (ED) visits among California residents. Inpatient hospitalization data are aggregated into 5-year groupings for years 2000-2007. ED visit data are annual for years 2005-2007. Types of CO poisonings are broken out by fire-related, non-fire-related, and unknown cause. The data are stratified by county, year, and fire-relatedness.These files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing county subdivisions. This dataset includes minor civil divisions and other statistical entities.The UNDP GEF Small Grants Programme (SGP) and Partnerships in Environmental Management for the Seas of East Asia (PEMSEA) believe in the inherent and important role of community-based organizations (CBOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and people's organizations (POs) in sustainable development.Scientists studied whether high flows could be used to rebuild sandbars, create nearshore habitat for the endangered humpback chub, and help other resources such as archaeological sites, rainbow trout, aquatic food availability, and riverside vegetation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Measured concentrations of many compounds in water people use. Some compounds are regulated as health hazards; a few of these were over the benchmark limits. Others may become issues of concern, so studies such as this give us helpful background levels.30-minute video (and transcript) about desert tortoises, their habitats, and USGS efforts to aid their recovery.The NBI is a collection of information (database) describing the more than 600,000 of the Nation's bridges located on public roads, including Interstate Highways, U.S. highways, State and county roads, as well as publicly-accessible bridges on Federal lands. It presents a State by State summary analysis of the number, location, and general condition of highway bridges within each State.The Infrared Thermometer (IRT) is a ground-based radiation pyrometer that provides measurements of the equivalent blackbody brightness temperature of the scene in its field of view. The downwelling version has a narrow field of view for measuring sky tempe rature and for detecting clouds. The upwelling version has a wide field of view for measuring the narrowband radiating temperature of the ground surface.Search the Debian website.Flood estimates are needed for the efficient design of bridges, highway embankments, levees, to protect lives and property in flood-prone areas, and to determine flood-insurance rates.101 year stable isotope record from P. lobata, core 4B, Clipperton Atoll, eastern Pacific. Sampling at annual and 12/year resolution, files clipperton.4B.iso.txt and clipperton.4B.iso.12yr.txt. 25 year stable isotope record, spanning 1994 to 1970, from cores 3C and 2B, Clipperton Atoll, as shown in Linsley et al 1999. Files clipperton.2B.iso.txt and clipperton.3C.iso.txt.The Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunications System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP)and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT). The ISDM sends a copy of these data to the US NODC three times each week.Sources, uses, and patterns of consumption of copper worldwideHow we recover and preserve old scientific information, with examples.Data provided by OSM and GeofabrikPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Location, type, mineralogy, name, and status for 900 occurrences of asbestiform minerals and fibrous amphiboles.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Wind wave spectra and meteorological data were collected from the US East/West coasts, South Pacific, Gulf of Mexico, Great Lakes and other locations. Data were collected from 125 buoys with surface and subsurface sensors from 01 August 2001 to 31 August 2001. Data were supplied by the National Data Buoy Center (NODC). Station identifier, position, date, time, sampling duration and sampling rate are reported for each series of measurements. Reported meteorological parameters may include air temperature and pressure, dew point, wind speed and direction, wind gust, visibility, precipitation and solar radiation. Ocean surface data may include water temperature and salinity (or conductivity), significant wave height and steepness. Subsurface temperature, salinity, conductivity, pressure, and east and north current components may also be reported. Wave data may be reported as spectral density values or (for directional spectra) as co- and quad-spectra or angular Fourier coefficients.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe survey area is an irregular polygon (148 square kilometers) at the Plum Island River in northeast Massachusetts. The eastern third of the polygon was flown on Monday April 18, 2005. The central third was flown early Tuesday morning April 19, 2005 and the last third (the Parker River area) was flown on the afternoon of the 19th.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Background information and genetic sequencing data for more than 1,000 individual field isolates of the fish virus Infectious Hematopoietic Necrosis Virus (IHNV) collected in western North America from 1966 to the present, updated annually.Wikisource (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The design of this field mission is three fold: (1) to spatially characterize the distribution, abundance and size of both reef fishes and macro invertebrates within and around the waters of the Flower Gardens National Marine Sanctuary using, (2) to relate this information to in-situ data collected on associated habitat parameters and (3) to use hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of East and West Bank. This information collected will be used to evaluate the utility of an experimental fishing closure on one of the most pristine reefs under US jurisdiction in the tropical Western Atlantic. Data collected during this mission (pre-closure) will provide baseline information necessary to evaluate closure efficacy and assess whether the closure should become permanent.Potential Evapotranspiration (PET): These data represent decadal mean totals of potential evapotranspiration estimates (mm). The file name specifies the decade the raster represents. For example, a file named pet_mean_mm_decadal_MPI_ECHAM5_A1B_annual_2000-2009.tif represents the decade spanning 2000-2009. The data were generated by using the Hamon equation and output from ECHAM5, a fifth generation general circulation model created by the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology in Hamburg Germany. Data are at 2km x 2km resolution, and all data are stored in geotiffs. Calculations were performed using R 2.12.1 and 2.12.2 for Mac OS Leopard, and data were formatted into geotiffs using the raster and rgdal packages. Users are reminded that the PET estimates include the inherent uncertainty of model projections. In addition, the methods used to derive PET from temperature require a number of assumptions, which future conditions may or may not meet. In particular, these methods as implemented assume that cloudcover and relative humidity remain constant. This may or may not be true. Hamon Equation: These data were derived by applying the Hamon equation as outlined in Lu et al. (2005) to monthly average temperature downscaled by SNAP.The W-band Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Program Cloud Radar (WACR) systems are zenith pointing Doppler radars that probe the extent and composition of clouds at 95.04 GHz. The main purpose of this radar is to determine cloud boundaries (e.g., cl oud bottoms and tops). This radar reports estimates for the first three spectra moments for each range gate up to 15 km. The 0th moment is reflectivity, the 1st moment is radial velocity, and the 2nd moment is spectral width. Also available are the raw spe ctra files. Unlike the millimeter wavelength cloud radar (MMCR), the WACR does not use pulse coding and operates in only copolarization and cross-polarization modes.National seismic hazards maps, global seismic hazards map, predictive intensity maps, shaking hazards maps and probabilities for California, and a variety of fact sheets on earthquakes.Shows how we can use remote sensing to study natural phenomena that vary seasonally but whose timing is affected by both shorter- and longer-term variations in climate or other, similar environmental conditions.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are defined before tabulation block delineation and numbering, but are clusters of blocks within the same census tract that have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, Census 2000 tabulation blocks 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within Census 2000 tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. Census 2000 BGs generally contained between 600 and 3,000 people, with an optimum size of 1,500 people. Most BGs were delineated by local participants in the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP). The Census Bureau delineated BGs only where the PSAP participant declined to delineate BGs or where the Census Bureau could not identify any local PSAP participant. A BG usually covers a contiguous area. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tract. Within the standard census geographic hierarchy, BGs never cross county or census tract boundaries, but may cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs coded 0 were intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. For Census 2000, rather than extending a census tract boundary into the Great Lakes or out to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit, the Census Bureau delineated some census tract boundaries along the shoreline or just offshore. The Census Bureau assigned a default census tract number of 0 and BG of 0 to these offshore, water-only areas not included in regularly numbered census tract areas.Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.Physical factors, such as the slope of the land, the texture of the soil, and the precipitation regime influence erosion in an area. Parts of Puerto Rico are very steep and erosion-prone. In addition, the nature of the soil and intense rainfall events promote severe erosion in these areas. Erosion can be extreme in exposed areas (cleared for a road or residential construction, or where soil is exposed due to cropping patterns or agricultural cycle.)powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationMain page for accessing links for information and data on the San Francisco Bay estuary and its watershed with links to highlights, water, biology, wetlands, hazards, digital maps, geologic mapping, winds, bathymetry and overview of the Bay.This shapefile is an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing census blocks. This dataset includes census block numbers, water blocks, and current geography.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpInformation platform concerning Remote Sensing for Conservation and Biodiversity ResearchSolar x-ray flux data.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2008-11-19; Survey End: 2008-11-19; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Lookup a package in the Debian Package TrackerIn order to facilitate descriptions of groundfish habitat over a large portion of the EBS shelf, the NMFS/AFSC has assembled a single comprehensive database of the point sample data (EBSSED; n=2,587) from all available sources. The database represents sediment variation over the study area with uncompromized (i.e., original) spatial detail. Textural data in the database are of two main types: 1) standardized statistics characterizing sample grain size distribution based on laboratory measurements (granulometric data), including percent composition by size grades (e.g., gravel, sand, mud) and size distribution parameters (e.g., mean size); and 2) sample descriptions from less exacting, more subjective visual/tactile observations, usually made in the field, establishing size-grade constituents. In addition the EBSSED database includes two descriptive fields which were each added to characterize sample grain size distribution by a single, standardized variable based on the original data. These fields classify samples according to gravel-sand-mud composition using high and low resolution schemes derived from Folk's (1954) classic ternary diagram. The high resolution scheme classifies 903 samples with detailed granulometric data into 15 textural classes, providing the greater detail regarding textural variation. The low resolution scheme (7 classes) is designed to allow unambiguous classification of nearly all samples (n=2457) including those with subjective visual/tactile descriptions. It represents the maximum number of samples according to a single common variable and thus provides the most spatially detailed data for the study area, albeit at the expense of some of the textural detail for samples analyzed in the laboratory. Overall, the EBSSED database is the most comprehensive and detailed source of information about surficial sediment textures in the EBS study area. Patterns observed in the data generally agree with large-scale textural maps and summaries by previous investigators, particularly a general pattern, with exceptions, of decreasing average grain size with increasing depth and distance from shore. However, those previous large-scale works spatially smoothed data for the study area from smaller, more sparsely distributed sets of samples. The EBSSED database preserves potentially important fine-scale variation.WMSLook up information on HTML, CSS, SVG, XPath from the W3C Cheatsheet.Residential Life, ResLifeThe All Roads Shapefile includes all features within the MTDB Super Class "Road/Path Features" distinguished where the MAF/TIGER Feature Classification Code (MTFCC) for the feature in MTDB that begins with "S". This includes all primary, secondary, local neighborhood, and rural roads, city streets, vehicular trails (4wd), ramps, service drives, alleys, parking lot roads, private roads for service vehicles (logging, oil fields, ranches, etc.), bike paths or trails, bridle/horse paths, walkways/pedestrian trails, and stairways.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS satellite imagery.A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes thirteen zones. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 45.2 square kilometers of which 4.4 were unconsolidated sediment and 40.9 were coral reef and hard bottom. Of the coral reef and hard bottom class, 59.9% is colonized by greater than 10% coral cover.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Laysan Island. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.Zooplankton data were collected using net casts from ALPHA HELIX in the Gulf of Alaska. Data were collected from 10 October 1997 to 09 may 1999. Data were collected and submitted by University of Alaska/Institute of Marine Sciences with support from the Global Ocean Ecosystems Dynamics (GLOBEC) project.LEOs Polnisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Polnisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Polnischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.Find locally grown produce anywhere in the country! Locate farmers markets, family farms, CSAs, farm stands, and u-pick produce in your neighborhood.Contours lines corresponding to lake bathymetry, digitized from existing lake contour maps produced by the DNR Ecological Services Lake Mapping Unit.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSSearch Holy Cross Events Events.N/AThe dataset depicts the authoritative boundaries of the most commonly known Department of Defense (DoD) sites, installations, ranges, and training areas in the United States and Territories (NTAD 2014). These sites encompass land which is federally owned or otherwise managed. This dataset was created from source data provided by the four Military Service Component headquarters and was compiled by the Defense Installation Spatial Data Infrastructure (DISDI) Program within the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment, Business Enterprise Integration Directorate. Sites were selected from the 2010 Base Structure Report (BSR), a summary of the DoD Real Property Inventory. This list does not necessarily represent a comprehensive collection of all Department of Defense facilities, and only those in the fifty United States and US Territories were considered for inclusion. For inventory purposes, installations are comprised of sites, where a site is defined as a specific geographic location of federally owned or managed land and is assigned to military installation. DoD installations are commonly referred to as a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, homeport facility for any ship, or other activity under the jurisdiction, custody, control of the DoD.This dataset is a record of fish distribution and activity for BROOK TROUT contained in the StreamNet database. This feature class was created based on linear event data extracted from the StreamNet database on March 21, 2006. Distribution is based upon the best professional judgement of local fish biologists, in the Pacific Northwest Region (Oregon, Washington, and Idaho). These data were collected by biologists at the state fish & wildlife agencies of Washington (WDFW), Oregon (ODFW) and Idaho (IDFG). Data were then compiled by StreamNet staff into paper maps or event tables at the state level. These event tables were submitted to the StreamNet regional staff at Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commision (PSMFC) where this regional distribution feature class was created from the source route event tables. All data is referenced to the PNW 1:100,000 River Reach Hydrography (http://www.streamnet.org/pnwr/pnwrhome.html) on the LLID-based stream routing system.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.This dataset contains counts, rates, and confidence intervals of 12 selected birth defects among live births during 2000-2006 within eight California counties: Fresno, Kern, Kings, Madera, Merced, San Joaquin, Stanislaus, and Tulare. The data are aggregated into 5-year intervals. The data are stratified by county of residence, maternal age , maternal race/ethnicity and infant gender. The data are from an active surveillance system that ascertains birth defects among live births, fetal deaths, and terminations, using ICD-9 codes.VipsWiki (en)These data were collected by the SHOALS (Scanning Hydrographic Operational Airborne Lidar Survey) system which consists of an airborne laser transmitter/receiver capable of measuring 400 soundings per second. The system operates from a deHavilland DHC-6 Twin Otter flying at altitudes between 200 and 400 meters with a ground speed of about 100 knots. The SHOALS system also includes a ground-based data processing system for calculating acurate horizontal position and water depth. Lidar is an acronym for LIght Detection And Ranging. The system operates by emitting a pulse of light that travels from an airborne platform to the water surface where a small portion of the laser energy is backscattered to the airborne receiver. The remaining energy at the water's surface propogates through the water column and reflects off the sea bottom and back to the airborne detector. The time difference between the surface return and the bottom return corresponds to water depth. The maximum depth the system is able to sense is related to the complex interaction of radiance of bottom material, incident sun angle and intensity, and the type and quantity of organics or sediments in the water column. As a rule-of-thumb, the SHOALS system should be capable of sensing bottom to depths equal to two or three times the Secchi depth.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data represent Seasonal Mangagement Area locations where regulations implement speed restrictions in shipping areas at certain times of the year along the coast of the U.S. Atlantic seaboard. The purpose of the regulations is to reduce the likelihood of deaths and serious injuries to endangered North Atlantic right whales that result from collisions with ships as designated by 73 FR 60173, October 10, 2008, Rules and Regulations. Sunset clause removed 78 FR 73726, December 9, 2013.Using the Fischer assay measure of oil yield, we estimated a total of 1.44 trillion barrels of oil in three assessed units. There is currently no economic method to recover oil from this geologic unit.Describes the value of molecular biology genetic tools in enhancing the delineation of the genetic diversity and the effects of environmental degradation on living species. Links to research, which differentiated two species of sage-grouse.Home page contains information, data, maps, and images relating to hydrologic research that has been conducted at the Bemidji research site.ArcIMS 9.2.0 DBCPS Web Map ServiceDemocracy Now! News Search Search the archives of Democracy Now!, a daily independent newshour.Search University of St Andrews Current StaffDescription of the use of a miniature video-camera system deployed at nests of passerine species in North Dakota to videotape predation of eggs or nestlings by animals such as mice, ground squirrels, deer, cowbirds and others.Homepage for tsunami research with links to information and images on basics, tsunamis in the Pacific Northwest, the 1998 Papua New Guinea tsunami, research on specific tsunamis, and animations in various formats.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Portal for Missouri River Infolinks, a clearinghouse to multiple links giving Missouri information, photo gallery, river weather forecast, projects and features, maps, meetings, history, and science research.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.WMSThe Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) mandates that each fishery be classified by the level of serious injury and mortality of marine mammals that occurs incidental to each fishery is reported in the annual Marine Mammal Stock Assessment Reports for each stock. The LOF is the annual publication that updates these classifications. NOAA Fisheries has developed and implemented fishery classification criteria, which consists of a two-tiered, stock-specific approach. This two-tiered approach first addresses the total impact of all fisheries on each marine mammal stock and then addresses the impact of individual fisheries on each stock. This approach is based on the rate, in numbers of animals per year, of incidental mortalities and serious injuries of marine mammals due to commercial fishing operations relative to a stock's PBR level. The PBR level is defined (50 CFR 229.2) as the maximum number of animals, not including natural mortalities, that may be removed from a marine mammal stock while allowing that stock to reach or maintain its optimum sustainable population. While Tier 1 considers the cumulative fishery mortality and serious injury for a particular stock, Tier 2 considers fishery-specific mortality for a particular stock. Tier 1: annual mortality and serious injury across all fisheries that interact with a stock: If the total is ?10% of the PBR level of this stock, all fisheries interacting with this stock would be placed in Category III. Otherwise, these fisheries are subject to the next tier (Tier 2) of analysis to determine their classification. Tier 2: Annual mortality and serious injury of a stock in a given fishery is: Category I: ?50% of the PBR level Category II: between 1% and 50% of the PBR level Category III: ?1% of the PBR level Category I & II fisheries are then subject to the Marine Mammal Authorization Program, potential take reduction measures, and must carry an observer when requested by NOAA or its designate.MarineCadastre.gov is a marine information system that provides authoritative ocean data, offshore planning tools, and technical support to the offshore renewable energy community. The project was initiated by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (P.L. 109-58) Sec. 388 Alternative Energy-Related Uses on the Outer Continental Shelf, which directs the secretary of the interior, in cooperation with the secretary of commerce, the commandant of the Coast Guard, and the secretary of defense, to establish an outer continental shelf (OCS) mapping initiative to assist in decision-making related to alternative energy uses on the OCS. At its core, MarineCadastre.gov contains marine cadastral data, which encompass the spatial extent, usage, rights, restrictions, and responsibilities of marine areas, as well as other regionally specific data needed to support planning, management, and conservation of submerged lands and marine spaces. The combination of marine cadastral and regionally specific data provides users with many of the data layers needed for renewable energy siting and other ocean planning efforts. The MarineCadastre.gov National Viewer is intended to be used as a planning and screening tool to inform decisions on ocean uses. It is not intended to be used for precise site selection, but rather to provide the geospatial picture of ocean planning data layers needed to make decisions about where suitable areas exist for offshore activities. MarineCadastre.gov also has more regionally focused viewers within its Map Gallery. Those viewers demonstrate how marine cadastre data can be used along with state or regionally applicable data sets to inform ocean planning decisions.The MarineCadastre.gov Data Registry lists all the data layers that can be found on MarineCadastre.gov with the ability to shop for layers, add these to a cart, and open in a map on ArcGIS Online. There are quarterly updates to the National Viewer and Data Registry. Please sign up for data updates here: http://coast.noaa.gov/digitalcoast/publications/subscribe.N/AWMSThe European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe Forest Conservation Act of 1991 requires units of local government with planning and zoning authority to establish and implement local forest conservation programs, and provides for the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) administration of forest conservation requirements. During the 2008 Legislative Session, HB972 was adopted which effected the Forest Conservation Act's reporting and enforcement requirements. On or before July 1st of each year, the DNR shall submit to the Senate Education, Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee and the House Environmental Matters Committee a statewide report compiled from local authorities. Included with this report DNR will also be required to submit, to the best practicable extent, the size shape and location of all conserved and planted forest areas submitted in an electronic geographic information system or other similar computer aided design format.WMSThis accession contains comprehensive dataset and reports collected in support of the Mamala Bay Study during 1993-1995. Physical, chemical, biological, and geological reports are included. The purpose of the study was to examine the physical, chemical, biological, and geophysical nature of Mamala Bay, Oahu, Hawaii and surrounding areas in an effort to detect influences from point and non-point source pollution.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationInteractive map server to view and create maps using available coastal and marine geology data sets of offshore and coastal U.S. and the Gulf of Mexico. Links to available data and metadata that can be downloaded.General information on topographic maps with links to topographic mapping, USGS topographic maps, digital raster graphics, how to find and order USGS maps, map revision, and map symbols.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains analytical data from samples acquired from the Baltimore Canyon (Mid-Atlantic) area of the Outer Continental Shelf, U.S. East Coast, by the U.S. Geological Survey, Office of Marine Geology, Woods Hole, Mass., during the first year of environmental assessment work funded by the Bureau of Land Management (June 1975 - August 1976), on cruises of the ships Atlantis II, Advance II, Columbus Iselin, Pierce, and Gillis. The data set contains ten files. The first file ("station data") contains location and collection documentation for the subsequent files which contain the various analytical data. Data files include: baltcanyon.1.txt - collection documentation, baltcanyon.2.txt - grain size of sediments, baltcanyon.3.txt - high molecular weight hydrocarbons, baltcanyon.4.txt - hydrocarbon contaminant and intercalibration samples, baltcanyon.5.txt - trace metals, baltcanyon.6.txt - carbon content, baltcanyon.7.txt - suspended sediment (see note), baltcanyon.8.txt - suspended matter, baltcanyon.9.txt - clay mineralogy, baltcanyon.10.txt - carbon-14 dates, readme.txt - full documentation for above.We estimated a total of 4.285 trillion barrels of oil in-place in the oil shale of this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.Atmospheric variables, nutrients, pH, salinity, and temperature data were collected using bottle casts in the Sea of Japan from 01 July 1952 to 31 December 1998. Data were collected by Korea Oceanographic Data Center with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue (GODAR) project.The Darwin Day Roadshow Search The Darwin Day Roadshow - Hitting the road with Darwin to celebrate his birthday!This set of slides graphically illustrates the potential danger that major earthquakes pose to school structures and to the children and adults who happen to be inside at the time of the earthquake. It includes pictures from 1886 to 1988. The set includes nine destructive earthquakes that occurred in the U.S. and eight earthquakes that occurred in foreign countries. These unusual slides show earthquake damage to school s and university buildings around the world. They graphically illustrate the potential danger to our schools, and to the welfare of our children, that results from major earthquakes. The slides range from Algeria, where a collapsed school roof is held up only by students' desks; to Anchorage, Alaska, where an elementary school structure has split in half; to California and other areas, where school buildings have sustained damage to walls, roofs, and chimneys. Interestingly, all the United States earthquakes depicted in this set of slides occurred either on a holiday or before or after school hours, except the 1935 tremor in Helena, Montana, which occurred at 11:35 a.m. It undoubtedly would have caused casualties had the schools not been closed days earlier by Helena city officials because of a damaging foreshock. Students in Algeria, the People's Republic of China, Armenia, and other stricken countries were not so fortunate. This set of slides represents 17 destructive earthquakes that occurred in 9 countries, and covers more than a century--from 1886 to 1988. Two of the tremors, both of which occurred in the United States, were magnitude 8+ on the Richter Scale, and four were magnitude 7-7.9. The events represented by the slides (see table below) claimed more than a quarter of a million lives. List Of Earthquakes represented in the slide set are: Algeria: El Asnam, Armenian SSR: Spitak, Australia: Cadoux, Ecuador: Esmeraldas, Mexico: Veracruz, People's Republic of China: Tangshan, Peru: Lima, Turkey: Lice, USA: Alaska: Anchorage, California: San Francisco, Long Beach, Kern County, Coalinga, Montana: Hebgen Lake, Helena, South Carolina: CharlestonIn the following descriptions of earthquakes the location is only approximate. The damage is in millions of U.S. dollars.The Digital Geologic Map of Glacier National Park, Montana is comprised of GIS data layers, two ancillary GIS tables, a Windows Help File with ancillary map text, figures and tables, GIS data layer and table FGDC metadata and ArcView 3.X legend (.AVL) files. The data were completed as a component of the Geologic Resources Evaluation (GRE) program, a National Park Service (NPS) Inventory and Monitoring (I) funded program that is administered by the NPS Geologic Resources Division (GRD). All GIS and ancillary tables were produced as per the NPS GIS-Geology Coverage/Shapefile Data Model (available at: http://science.nature.nps.gov/im/inventory/geology/GeologyGISDataModel.htm). The GIS data is available as coverage and table export (.E00) files, and as a shapefile (.SHP) and DBASEIV (.DBF) table files. The GIS data projection is NAD83, UTM Zone 12N. That data is within the area of interest of Glacier National Park.Overview of the history of this satellite imaging system, with details about the way in which it collects information about the earth's surface.Bibliography of books, periodicals, fossil collecting guides, audiovisual aids, videos, filmstrips, charts, and posters which may be borrowed from libraries or purchased if still available.Search BSCW Shared WorkspacesPhysical data were collected from XBT casts in the Bay of Bengal. Data were collected from the 18 February 2000 to the 20 February 2000. Physical data include temperature and sound velocity profiles.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of Midway Atoll, Hawaii, USA. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 500 meters. The ASCII includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The ASCII also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Access to national water resources real-time data typically recorded at 15-60 minute intervals, stored onsite, and then transmitted to USGS offices every 4 hours. Select for site information, ground water, surface water, and water quality.Chemical, physical, profile and laboratory analysis oceanographic data were collected aboard the OCEAN VERITAS in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-06-19 to 2010-06-23 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include Attenuation/Transmission, CDOM fluorescence, Semivolatile Organic Compounds, Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH), Volatile Organic Compounds, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, suspended solids, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, Laser In-Situ Scattering and Transmissometer (LISST), Transmissometer, bottle, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). The analytical chemistry data are provisional and provide results of onshore laboratory analysis of water and sediment samples. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069096)This Gravity Field Atlas of the Southern Ocean from GEOSAT is MGG Report 7. In many areas of the global ocean, the depth of the seafloor is not well known because survey lines by ships are hundreds of kilometers apart. Satellites carrying radar altimeters have measured the shape of the ocean along tracks only 3-4 km apart, and from these data we can make very accuratore (+/-3mGal) and high resolution (15km) maps of the marine gravity field. The gravity field mimics the seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band if sediment cover on the ocean floor is thin. Long-wavelength (greater than 160 km) topography is isostatically compensated and is not correlated with the gravity field. In addition, the satellite gravity field and the available depth measurements were used to determine the correlation between gravity and the seafloor topography. By applying this correlation to the gravity field we predict seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band. This topography is combined with a long-wavelength component estimated directly from ship depth measurements. The result reveals many new features and is within +/- 100m of actual depths in many cases. The Predicted Seafloor Topography derived from the depths estimated from Satellite Altimetry in combination with measured trackline bathymetry is an inferred data set and is not true bathymetry. It is, however, the best estimate of seafloor topography available resulting from satellite gravity data and actual ship depth measurements. These data are intended for scientific research and should not be used for navigational purposes. Additional software is required in order to manipulate the data or produce your own graphic images. Poster and CD-ROM products are available for both gravity anomaly and estimated seafloor topography of several regions. Please refer to URL http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/fliers/92mgg04.html more information, and to download sample images.A presentation of bird photographs, songs, identification tips, distribution maps, and life history information for North American birds, and a forum for commentary and discussion on birds.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2008-04-18; Survey End: 2008-04-18; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;Contains the Scoping Response letter from the DTI, Consent Drawings for the Planning Application and the Heysham Substation Environmental StatementThis data set consists of one-foot pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis map service presents spatial information about the Economics: National Ocean Watch (ENOW) data in the Web Mercator projection.WMSWMSWMSNOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data provides global area coverage at 0.1 degrees resolution. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Earth Eye collected LiDAR data for approximately 1,703 square kilometers that partially cover the Connecticut counties of Litchfield and Fairfield. The nominal pulse spacing for this project was no greater than 1 point every 0.7 meters. Dewberry used proprietary procedures to classify the LAS according to project specifications: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise, 9-Water, 12-Overlap. Dewberry produced 3D breaklines and combined these with the final LiDAR data to produce seamless hydro flattened DEMs for the 1,742 tiles (1000 m x 1000 m) that cover the project area.Coverage, characteristics, and availability of AVHRR data from a broad-band scanner sensing in the visible, near-infrared, and thermal infrared portions of the electromagnetic spectrum.Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features. This map depicts geographic features on the surface of the earth. One intended purpose is to support emergency response at all levels of government. The geospatial data in this map are from selected National Map data holdings and other government sources.Database with detailed data on sites and data collected on scour (downward erosion by streamflow) at bridges, piers, and abutments in the United States.We estimated means of 3.7 billion barrels of undiscovered oil and 651 trillion cubic feet of natural gas north of the Arctic Circle in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. This digital surface model (mean_DSM) represents mean above-ground height of vegetation returns.Overview of the Core Research Center (CRC) in Denver for preserving valuable rock cores for permanent storage and making the cores available for examination and testing. Includes links to services, well reports, and resources.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationPrimary websiteLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineThis file is released in support of the Redistricting Data (P.L. 94-171) Summary File. The shapefiles represent geographic linear features as of January 1, 2010. The files also contain attribute information about these features, such as names, the type of feature, the geographic relationship to other features, and other related information. The 2010 Redistricting Shapefiles include data for all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. This file is only provided for the State of Arkansas.The purpose of the project was to enhance records of artefacts from the sea and inter-tidal areas, held by the National Monuments Record (NMR) and selected coastal Sites and Monuments records (SMR) in England and to record artefacts held in museums or private collections for inclusion into these records. The archive consists of final project reports and a comprehensive finds catalogue, accompanined by mapd detailing the approximate location of marine finds spots.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.UNC NC State Joint Department of Biomedical Engineering at Chapel Hill Raleigh, North CarolinaShallow-water (generally, less than 30 meters) bank areas in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands were identified using semi-automated image analysis of Landsat 7 ETM+ satellite imagery. An area of approximately 10,000 sq. km was mapped using the moderate-resolution satellite imagery and shallow-water bank maps were generated for the French Frigate Shoals, Gardner Pinnacles, Lisianski Island, Laysan Island, Maro Reef, Necker Island, Nihoa Island, Pioneer Bank, Raita Bank, St. Rogatien Bank, the Brooks Banks, and the bank west of Nihoa. This project is a cooperative effort among the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, State of Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Belt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 9 sites at Pearl Hermes Reef in September, 2004 from the NOAA vessel Hi'ialakai (HI04-01). Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Guide to the cooperative mapping programs in the state of Texas administered by the USGS Texas Mapping Partnership Office. Provides description of ongoing projects with links to USGS and cooperator datasets for the state of Texas.Report on recent USGS programs in Ohio related to water resources studies, with program highlights, flood and drought studies, ground water studies, microbiological water quality research, stream data, and recent publications.We estimated undiscovered resources of 1,321 million barrels of oil, 25,386 billion cubic feet of gas, and 604 million barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology based assessment methodology.The data shown here depict drying trends in one of the world's most food insecure regions. Decreasing rainfall since 1980 accompanied increases in air temperature greater than global warming.OpenWetWare (en)GNU Telephony (en)The ENC_Harbour map service displays data compiled for ENC products with a scale range of 1:5,000 and 1:50,000. The ENC data used within this application will be updated weekly. This map service is not intended for navigation purpose.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Overview of a project in Virginia to develop a program for assessing public supply source waters to determine their susceptibility to contamination and to determine which systems need detailed source-water assessments.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Bennington College Digital Repository Bennington College Digital Repository DSpace repositorySCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.Ship track of the R/V Seward Johnson during the "Estuary to the Abyss 2004" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 20 through September 1, 2004. This track was based on the hourly ship's position from the Virtual Instrument Data System (VIDS) provided by the University of Miami Marine Technology Group at Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.Descriptions of reptiles and examples of the deleterious effects of nonindigenous species, with links to distribution maps, species lists and related information on reptiles.Object Class: Coastline Definition: The line where shore and water meet. Although the terminology of coasts and shores is rather confused, shoreline and coastline are generally used as synonyms. (IHO Dictionary, S-32, 5th Edition, 858,4695) Distinction: canal bank; lake shore; river bank; shoreline construction;The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis static map image portrays legislative district boundaries of district 14 as of March 9, 2002. A Legislative district is a political subdivisions into which a state is divided for electing members to the Legislature. Each legislative district is represented by one senator and two representatives. Since Idaho's legislative districts are not further split into two House of Representative districts, both representatives, like the senator, serve the entire district. The districts are established by state law and are redrawn following a decennial census to maintain equal population in each.Chemical, physical, profile and underway oceanographic data were collected aboard the GORDON GUNTER in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-05-27 to 2010-06-04 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, conductivity, current speed - east/west component (U), current speed - north/south component (V), dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included ADCP, CTD, bathythermograph - XBT, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler ADCP used sonar to measure and record water current velocities and the distribution of suspended material over a range of depths. Absolute U- and V-component ocean current vectors from the ADCP collected can be used to create detailed maps of the distribution of water currents and suspended materials through the water column along the ship's path. The data from this ADCP is raw and unprocessed. Some of the datasets associated with this instrument are still incomplete and will be published as they become available. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069067)Shows how we know severe earthquakes will occur and where.Clearinghouse for the description and availability of multiple geospatial datasets relating to Alaska from many federal, state and local cooperating agencies under the coordination of the Alaska Geographic Data Committee.Hourly Precipitation Data (HPD) is digital data set DSI-3240, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The primary source of data for this file is approximately 5,500 US National Weather Service (NWS), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and cooperative observer stations in the United States of America, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and various Pacific Islands. The earliest data dates vary considerably by state and region: Maine, Pennsylvania, and Texas have data since 1900. The western Pacific region that includes Guam, American Samoa, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau have data since 1978. Other states and regions have earliest dates between those extremes. The latest data in all states and regions is from the present day. The major parameter in DSI-3240 is precipitation amounts, which are measurements of hourly or daily precipitation accumulation. Accumulation was for longer periods of time if for any reason the rain gauge was out of service or no observer was present.County level education data for Vermont (1880 to 2000).Object Class: Dyke Definition: A dyke (or dike) is an artificial embankment to contain or hold back water.(IHO Dictionary, S-32, 5th Edition, 1361) Distinction: dam; sloping ground; slope top line;The ENC_Coastal map service displays data compiled for ENC products with a scale range of 1:150,001 and 1:600,000. The ENC data used within this application will be updated weekly. This map service is not intended for navigation purpose.Data are from 11 cruises from multiple ships between 1967 and 1997.Temperature profile and oxygen data were collected using CTD casts from ALPHA HELIX in the Gulf of Alaska. Data were collected from 18 June 1999 to 18 June 1999. Data were submitted by University of Alaska / Institute of Marine Sciences.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemResearch findings and examples of application to real problems--When can natural processes to reduce, or even destroy, contaminants at toxic waste sites be relied on?This classification of estimated depth represents the relative bathymetry of Puerto Rico's shallow waters based on Landsat imagery for NOAA's Coastal Centers for Monitoring and Assessment (CCMA). This data supports mapping and research activities of NOAA NOS. These data were created for the NOS Summit-to-Sea project. This project determines relationships between terrestrial and benthic change. The data were created using NOS developed algorithms. Bathymetry was derived from six Landsat images of different dates for Puerto Rico. The final bathymetry layer was derived from a per pixel median analysis of the 6 bathymetric layers. The results were verified using field collected depth supplied by NOAA. Depths are only reported within the shallow environment as determined by maximum penetration of band 1 (blue) of Landsat TM.MindTouch Deki Search EngineThe grayscale Alaska shaded relief data were derived from National Elevation Dataset (NED) data, and show the terrain of Alaska at a resolution of 200 meters. The NED is a raster product assembled by the U.S. Geological Survey, designed to provide national elevation data in a seamless form with a consistent datum, elevation unit, and projection. Data corrections made in the NED assembly process minimize artifacts, permit edge matching, and fill sliver areas of missing data. The National Atlas also includes a Lambert Azimuthal Equal Area projection shaded relief file; this file is the same data in an Albers projection.Drought water homepage with links to maps showing streamflow conditions, drought definitions, resources, publications, and answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs).This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Characteristics of 785 deposits, including grade, tonnage, rocks, mineralogy, and referencesThis is one of the CPCs Monthly Atmospheric and SST Indices. It is the 850-hPa trade wind anomalies averaged over the area 5oN  5oS, 135oE-180o (western equatorial Pacific). The anomalies are departures from the 1981-2010 base period means. Positive values indicate easterly anomalies.The Eastern Earth Surface Processes Team provides geologic mapping regional geologic studies to determine stratigraphy and geologic structure, topical studies to understand geologic and surficial processes, and syntheses of earth science data.These are the streams in MN that MPCA has assessed using monitoring data. The streams are a subset and enhancement of the 1:100,000 National Hydrography Dataset (NHD). MPCA adds additional reaches. Since MPCA only assesses a small subset of the NHD streams, only that subset is included in the data set.This is the Ozark - St. Francis National Forests Wild and Scenic River Cooridor polygon layer. In Apil 1992, Congress designated six Wild and Scenic Rivers on the Ozark - St. Francis National Forests. These rivers include: Big Piney Creek, the Buffalo River, Hurricane Creek, Mulberry River, North Sylamore Creek and Richland Creek. These areas include approximately 19,859 acres of the Ozark - St. Francis National Forests. This MA is unsuitable for timber prduction. The total miles of Wild and Scenic River designation is 162.5 miles.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Search jobs on Guardian JobsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Reson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected between 29 July - 8 August 2003 (JD 210-220) aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) at Midway Islands in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands in the north Pacific during cruise OES-03-06/AHI-03-06. The AHI was deployed independently from the NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette (OES). The multibeam data were logged into data set Midway and collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Observed tides from Midway tide gauge (1619910) were applied using SABER postprocessing software. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 10 - 300 m. These multibeam bathymetric data in generic sensor format from AHI0402 were submitted to NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in Boulder, CO, for distribution in 2005.Chemical oceanographic data were collected aboard the RYAN CHOUEST in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-08-27 to 2010-09-01 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH) and fluorescence. The instruments used to collect these data included fluorometer and gas chromatograph along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. The Hydrocarbon Sensor Array data are raw and provisional. (NODC Accession 0084588)Search Stanford CAPDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordHI No: HI 1241; IPR Holder: Maritime and Coastguard Agency; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2007-11-01; Survey End: 2008-05-09; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known; Information: Part of the Joint Irish Bathymetric Survey (JIBS);N/AN/AThis data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.Brief review of bat research in the San Francisco Bay area and southern California providing land managers with information on the occurrence and status of bat species with links to bat inventories for California and related material.WMSReal-time water data, interactive maps, and flood reports for river basins in Texas.Six short news articles about ecological problems faced by pollinator species in various parts of the US. Taken from "People, Land, and Water", the newsletter of the Department of the Interior.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSWMSSea-Bird SBE37SM MicroCat Conductivity/Temperature (CT) recorders were deployed between March 2010 and April 2011 on shallow water moorings located in Vieques Sound, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Passage USVI. The recovered temperature, conductivity, and salinity (derived from temperature and conductivity) time-series data are presented here in an ACII format.NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is developing a suite of digital elevation models (DEMs) of the U.S. Atlantic Coast impacted by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012. The DEMs telescope from the deep ocean floor to the coastal zone in 3, 1, 1/3, and 1/9 arc-second cell sizes. Only the 1/9 arc-second DEMs integrate both bathymetric and topographic data; the remaining DEMs map bathymetry only. DEMs are tiled to enable targeted, rapid updates as new data become available. Source topographic and bathymetric data utilized for DEM creation were contributed by a variety of sources, including the NOAA Office of Coast Survey, NOAA National Geodetic Survey, NOAA Coastal Services Center, U.S. Geological Survey, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The DEMs are referenced vertically to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988. The vertical units of the data are meters. The DEMs are referenced horizontally to the North American Datum of 1983. The horizontal units of the data are decimal degrees.The Islands in the Stream expedition explored protected and unprotected deep water coral reefs and hard-bottom communities throughout the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic regions. Historically studied as isolated environments, scientists made discoveries that helped link these deep water communities (or "islands") that lie beneath the Yucatan, Loop and Gulf Stream currents (i.e., the 'stream'). The voyage also helped to document pieces of our maritime heritage and engaged the public through numerous education and outreach events. Islands in the Stream was a three-month scientific expedition to marine protected areas and other habitats being considered for protection from offshore of Belize in Central America to North Carolina's continental shelf. 'Islands' are the coral reefs and hard-bottom (also called 'hard substrate') biological communities found along the course of a massive "stream" of ocean currents connecting the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, and the western Atlantic off North America. This expedition emphasized habitat characterization and an understanding of these islands' 'connection' as parts of an interrelated ecosystem. Though separated by large expanses of ocean water, the fishes, corals, and invertebrates common to these islands demonstrated that the health and vitality of "downstream" islands are linked closely to those located 'upstream.' The expedition was conducted in two major segments: The Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico Expedition (from Belize to the Dry Tortugas at the tip of the Florida Keys) and the South Altantic Bight Expedition (from Oculina Bank Reserve, off Florida's Atlantic Coast, to three sites off the North Carolina continental.Direccion Nacional del Antartico The GCMD database holds more than 25,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) collaborated on the creation of eight global land survery (GLS) data collections: GLS1975, GLS1990, GLS2000, GLS2005, GLS2005-Islands (EO-1), GLS2010, GLS2010 Islands (EO-1) and GLSLIMA (Antarctica) . Each of these global data sets was created from the primary Landsat sensor in use at the time for those periods of time: the Multispectral Scanner in the 1970s, the Thematic Mapper (TM) in 1990's, and the Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus (ETM+) combined with TM data in 2000, 2005, and 2010. Direct downlink to a ground station was the only way to acquire Landsat 5 TM data, because unlike Landsat 7, the Landsat 5 satellite did not have an onboard solid-state recorder. To obtain Landsat 5 TM imagery for areas outside the United States, the USGS negotiated agreements with ground stations around the globe to downlink and send data to USGS. These agreements made thousands of additional Landsat 5 TM scenes available for GLS consideration. The GLS datasets are scene-based. Other decadal mosaics are available in the Landsat Legacy collections.This dataset includes a reference baseline used by the Digital Shoreline Analysis System (DSAS) to calculate rate-of-change statistics. This baseline layer serves as the starting point for all transects cast by the DSAS application. The transects intersect each shoreline and establish measurement points used to calculate shoreline-change rates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Descriptions of projects and resources on wildlife population ecology at the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center with links to research activities, long-term programs, and resources and references.Streamflow-gaging and water quality sampling sites with real-time and historical surface-water data for many of the sites in New Jersey.Scientific data from the Pacific Islands Ocean Observing System (PacIOOS) of the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology (SOEST) at the University of Hawaii. PacIOOS is one of eleven regional observing programs in the U.S. supporting the Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS). The PacIOOS region includes the U.S. Pacific Region (Hawaii, Guam, American Samoa, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands), the Pacific nations in Free Association with the U.S. (Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau), and the U.S. Minor Outlying Islands (Howland, Baker, Johnston, Jarvis, Kingman, Palmyra, Midway, Wake). These data are served by Unidata's Thematic Realtime Environmental Distributed Data Services (THREDDS) Data Server (TDS) in a variety of interoperable data services and output formats.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesAnnotated list of resources about the great earthquake of 1906, which caused significant devastation in and around San Francisco, California, compiled for the 100th anniversary of the disaster.This data set contains surface locations for oil and gas wells located in the Gulf of Mexico federal waters. Note: Wells are being added or modified continuously; obtaining updates of this database are required to know the true distribution of well data.Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record.Contains the well surface locations as of March 2015.Overview of interdisciplinary research on the Tampa Bay estuary of the Gulf of Mexico with links to digital library, interactive mapping, reports, posters, water chemistry maps, meetings and conferences, scientist directory, and field trips.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset INCOME Family Income in 1999 COS 2000 (74b5ac1d-f46d-4b06-8d32-d97fd4180bf7)Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The 1998 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 1999 legal boundaries. A complete set of 1999 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, U.S. Minor Outlying Areas, and the Pacific Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation and its territories. The 1999 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes tributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The 1999 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.The subject file represents Census Tracts 2000 for the State of Arkansas.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Weekly measurements of branch extension growth made on high and low branches of trees growing at the terrace, forest and treeline sites. Measurements are for branches that grew.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This service contains layers based on Geographic Coordinate Data Base (GCDB) coordinate data. The locations of Public Land Survey System (PLSS) corners, as represented in geographic coordinate pairs, were derived from a variety of source documents, which include U.S. General Land Office and BLM survey plats/notes, as well as survey data obtained from other U.S. Government agencies, private sector survey firms, and local governments. The attributes assigned to PLSS polygons were taken from the BLM's Legal Land Description (LLD) data set, contained within the Legacy Rehost for the year 2000 (LR2000) automated records system. The coordinate data was produced by using control stations of known location, with varying degrees of accuracy, from various sources which include but are not limited to; U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) topological quadrangles and other sources, National Geodetic Survey (NGS) and US Coast & Geodetic Survey (USC) Cooperative Base Network (CBN) control, Federal Base Network control (FBN), and Continuous Operating Reference Stations (CORS), and Global Positioning System (GPS) data, which is then analyzed and adjusted in concert with official survey data for any given geographic area. The Land Survey Information System Data Base (LSIS) data is a useful representation of the geometry and topology of parcels contained within the PLSS, but its application is intended for mapping purposes only. The GCDB data served from LSIS is not a substitute for a legal land survey.Frontier Fields Search Frontier Fields - Pushing the Limits of the Hubble Space TelescopeThis server implements the WCS specification 1.0 and 1.1.1, it's reference implementation of WCS 1.1.1. All layers published by this service are available on WMS also.The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on the latest available governmental unit boundaries. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. This shapefile represents the current 5-Digit Zip Code Tabulation Areas for Torrance County stored in the 2006 TIGER Second Edition dataset.NCBI Insights Search NCBI Insights - Providing insights into NCBI resources and the science behind themThese layers are used to create the Finding Safe Anchor: Employing Vessel Traffic Data in Jacksonville, Florida story map for MarineCadastre.gov.WMSExtension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Stereoscopic aerial photographs supplied by CUCAP (Cambridge University Centre for Aerial Photography) at scale of 1:10,000, CR World (Liverpool Bay Forum), BKS Surveys Limited, ExeGesIS and the Environment Agency for the coast of Wales.The Core Research Center (CRC) was established in 1974 by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) to preserve valuable rock cores for use by scientists and educators from government, industry, and academia. The cylindrical sections of rock are permanently stored and available for examination and testing at the core storage and research facility in Denver, Colorado. The CRC is currently one of the largest and most heavily used public core repositories in the United States. The CRC encourages use of its facility by all interested parties. Tours of the facility are available by appointment.These ESRI shape files are of National Park Service tract and boundary data that was created by the Land Resources Division. Tracts are numbered and created by the regional cartographic staff at the Land Resources Program Centers and are associated to the Land Status Maps. This data should be used to display properties that NPS owns and properties that NPS may have some type of interest such as scenic easements or right of ways.Search on CTAN for TeX-related materialThis report consists of materials prepared for a GIS spatial analysis course intended for instructors preparing spatial-modeling training and scientists with advanced GIS expertise. Downloads available in many formats (PDF, ArcView, Word, etc.)The Laptev Sea Shelf Province was assessed for undiscovered crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids/condensates resources (collectively referred to as petroleum) as part of the U.S. Geological Survey's Circum-Arctic Oil and Gas Resource Appraisal.WMSCRED APEX drifter Argos_ID 25333 was deployed in the region of NW Hawaiian Islands to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. APEX drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpAdvanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) data and Interactive Data Language (IDL) logical operator algorithms were used to map hydrothermally altered rocks in the central and southern parts of the Basin and Range province of the United States. The hydrothermally altered rocks mapped in this study include (1) hydrothermal silica-rich rocks (hydrous quartz, chalcedony, opal, and amorphous silica), (2) propylitic rocks (calcite-dolomite and epidote-chlorite mapped as separate mineral groups), (3) argillic rocks (alunite-pyrophyllite-kaolinite), and (4) phyllic rocks (sericite-muscovite). A series of hydrothermal alteration maps, which identify the potential locations of hydrothermal silica-rich, propylitic, argillic, and phyllic rocks on Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) band 7 orthorectified images, and shape files of hydrothermal alteration units are provided.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Map interface and data download of Sed Zn-Pb data including KML and GIS data formatsLoss of sea ice has increased ocean wave action, changing coastal habitats. For some geese this has been a positive change, increasing the amount of coastal area that supports vegetation the geese feed on.Marine Geologic data compilations and reports in the NGDC archive are from academic and government sources around the world. Over eight terabytes of analyses, descriptions, and images of sediment and rock from the sea floor and lakebeds are available. Examples of data available include sediment/rock composition, physical properties, petrology/mineralogy, geochemistry, paleontology, paleomagnetism, x-rays, photographs, and other imagery. All reports and data, regardless of format, are accessible via the Marine Geology Digital Inventory and/or linked to the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples (IMLGS). Searches offer free, immediate download of digital data, many images, and .PDF reports, and information on how to obtain full-resolution images from the archive, and order CD-ROMs, microfilm, or oversize charts. Some larger data sets, including the IMLGS, have their own web interfaces. The IMLGS provides searches of sea floor and lakebed cores, grabs, dredges, and drill samples available from sample repositories at partner institutions, with links to browse and download related information from NGDC and other sources.The AMAPPS survey will primarily focus on beaked whale species, with the following objectives: 1) Develop a better understanding of beaked whale habitat use and site fidelity for abundance and monitoring of critical areas, 2) Quantify efficacy of passive acoustic monitoring for detection and abundance of these species, through controlled methodological tests and in comparison to a bottom-mounted recorders (AMAR), 3) Determine the distribution and relative abundance of plankton and prey species, 4) When possible, collect identification photographs and biopsy samples.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 9 sites around Lisianski in the NW Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during 1 September - 4 October 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0611) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.This data set contains Outer Continental Shelf block outlines in ArcGIS shapefile format for the BOEM Alaska Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/BOEM-Newsroom/Library/Publications/1999/99-0006-pdf.aspx Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles can not represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search jobs on Chemistry World JobsIn October 2013 and July 2014, Eastern IFCA undertook surveys in the estuary of the River Deben, Suffolk. The surveys were aimed at assessing and quantifying the estuarine fish population. A Water Framework Directive compatible beach seine net, deployed from a RIB and hand hauled onto the beach, was used during the surveys in 2013 and 2014. This method is the Environment Agency standard, and therefore allows comparison with EA surveys conducted in adjacent estuaries.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Search the current edition of the CatalogHelp Wiki (en)Descriptions of vascular plants and examples of the deleterious effects of nonindigenous species, with links to distribution maps, species lists and related information on vascular plants.DMPTool Blog Search DMPTool Blog - Guidance & resources for your data management planWMSpostdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemThe ICE Data Archive on CalAtlas provides for sharing of data and information resources created at The Information Center for the Environment (ICE) at the University of California, Davis.A CPC forecaster (from a rotating schedule of 5 as of August 2013) creates the Monthly Drought Outlook map and narratives. The map, produced using GIS, shows where current drought areas are expected to improve, be removed, or persist with intensity, as well as new areas where drought may develop, at the end of the forecast period. The current drought areas are obtained from the most recent weekly U.S. Drought Monitor where drought is considered D1 (moderate drought) or worse. There are two narratives: a brief, general summary and a detailed, regional technical discussion that describes the thought process, forecast tools used, and confidence for each region on the map. These outlook products apply to the following 1-month period from the date of issue. The MDO replaced the updated SDO (which had been released on the first Thursday of the month) starting on June 30, 2013, with the MDO released on the last day of the month. The forecast applies to all 50 states of the United States plus Puerto Rico.Careers Centre Search Search the University of Reading Careers, Placement and Experience Centre website.This dataset depicts the approximate proclamation boundaries of the National Park Service lands that fall within the state of West Virginia.This part of DS 781 presents data for the bathymetric contours for several seafloor maps of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Contours_OffshoreBolinas.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreBolinas/data_catalog_OffshoreBolinas.html. 10-m interval contours of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California, were generated from bathymetry data collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB), by Fugro Pelagos, and by Moss Landing Marine Laboratory (MLML). Mapping was completed between 2004 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus and 250-kHz GeoSwath interferometric systems. These mapping missions combined to collect bathymetry from about the 10-m isobath to beyond the 3-nautical-mile limit of California s State Waters. Bathymetric contours at 10-m intervals were generated from a modified 10-m bathymetric surface. The most continuous contour segments were preserved while smaller segments and isolated island polygons were excluded from the final output. Contours were smoothed via a polynomial approximation with exponential kernel (PAEK) algorithm using a tolerance value of 60 m. The contours were then clipped to the boundary of the map area. These data are not intended for navigational purposes.The National Elevation Dataset (NED) is a seamless raster product primarily derived from USGS 10- and 30-meter Digital Elevation Models (DEMs). NED data are available from The National Map Viewer as 1 arc-second (approximately 30 meters) for the CONUS, and at 1/3 and 1/9 arc-seconds (approximately 10 and 3 meters, respectively) for parts of the United States. - from the USGS National Map web sitePrevious analysis showed this area to have reduced macroinvertebrate biodiversity, an important measure of ecosystem health. New observations indicate that conditions have improved; report includes methods and results of sampling.Links to studies at the Amargosa Desert Research Site by the USGS Toxic Substances Hydrology Program studying the subsurface migration and fate of contaminants in arid environments. Links to news, remediation, photos, bibliography and techniques.Chemical, physical, profile and laboratory analysis oceanographic data were collected aboard the OCEAN VERITAS in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-07-31 to 2010-08-03 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include Attenuation/Transmission, CDOM fluorescence, Semivolatile Organic Compounds, Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH), Volatile Organic Compounds, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, suspended solids, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, Laser In-Situ Scattering and Transmissometer (LISST), Transmissometer, bottle, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). The analytical chemistry data are provisional and provide results of onshore laboratory analysis of water and sediment samples. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069102)Overview of USGS research focused on earthquake hazards of this specific area.Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 12 sites at Kauai Island in the Main Hawaiian Islands in July, 2005 from the NOAA vessel Hi'ialakai (HII05-05). Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes, and visual estimation of percent cover. On each side of the transect lines, 0.5 m was included in the belt (for a total of 50m2 per site).WMSObject Class: Fence/wall Definition: A natural or man-made barrier used as an enclosure or boundary or for protection. (adapted from Didital Geographic Information Working Group, Oct.1987)NASA | Open DataAn automated system for rapidly estimating the shaking distribution, number of people and settlements exposed to severe shaking, and range of possible fatalities and economic losses. A color-coded alert suggests levels of appropriate response.Search the Debian website.This data release contains mineral resource and geology data for metallic and nonmetallic mineral sites in Wyoming. Data is provided in both spreadsheet format (Microsoft Excel) and in GIS ArcView and MapInfo. Text available in PDF format.Penn State Medicine Search Penn State Medicine -IOC Photo LibraryThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS satellite imagery.A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes thirteen zones. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 45.2 square kilometers of which 4.4 were unconsolidated sediment and 40.9 were coral reef and hard bottom. Of the coral reef and hard bottom class, 59.9% is colonized by greater than 10% coral cover.Underwater archaeologists, led by James Adovasio and Andy Hemmings of Mercyhurst College, dove at four sites that were first visited in 2009. At these locations, electronically documented intact river channel features of the Pleistocene Suwannee River are now filled with multiple layers of sediment. These sites are covered by 40 to 130 feet of ocean water and are located 50 to 125 miles offshore of the modern Gulf Coast of Florida northwest of Tampa or southeast of Tallahassee. The three shallower sites have bedrock exposed on the seafloor that forms one side of the buried channel. The bedrock at each of these sites is low grade knappable toolstone that could have been used for tool making. The deepest site, Thor?s Elbow, is the intersection of the ancient Suwannee and another river where they expected to find more knappable bedrock buried under the modern surface. At each of these sites divers hoped to locate prehistoric human made artifacts, bones of Pleistocene animals, such as the mastodon, and perhaps datable organic material such as pieces of wood. Any such finds would indicate that the now inundated Pleistocene landscape of Florida in the Gulf of Mexico is still preserved, accessible to archaeologists, and contains prehistoric evidence of the use of this landscape by people and animals alive at the end of the last Ice Age.WMSThis part of DS 781 presents data for the acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Tomales Point map area, California. Backscatter data are provided as separate grids depending on mapping system or processing method. The raster data file is included in "BackscatterA_8101_ OffshoreTomalesPoint.zip", which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreTomalesPoint/data_catalog_OffshoreTomalesPoint.html. The acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Tomales Point map area, California, was generated from backscatter data collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB), by Fugro Pelagos, and by the U.S. Geological Survey. Mapping was completed between 2004 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 234-kHz and 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus phase-differencing sidescan sonars. These mapping missions combined to collect backscatter data from about the 10-m isobath to beyond the 3-nautical-mile limit of California's State Waters. Within the acoustic-backscatter imagery, brighter tones indicate higher backscatter intensity, and darker tones indicate lower backscatter intensity. The intensity represents a complex interaction between the acoustic pulse and the seafloor, as well as characteristics within the shallow subsurface, providing a general indication of seafloor texture and composition. Backscatter intensity depends on the acoustic source level; the frequency used to image the seafloor; the grazing angle; the composition and character of the seafloor, including grain size, water content, bulk density, and seafloor roughness; and some biological cover. Harder and rougher bottom types such as rocky outcrops or coarse sediment typically return stronger intensities (high backscatter, lighter tones), whereas softer bottom types such as fine sediment return weaker intensities (low backscatter, darker tones). These data are not intended for navigational purposes.UAF Geospatial metadata search.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on boreal forest ecosystemspowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSOnline booklet on natural gemstones, terminology, geologic environment, birthstones, U.S. production, chemical formulas, and references.On November 8, 2011, an extra-tropical cyclone with a low pressure of 945 millibars developed over the Bering Sea and moved northeast across the western coast of Alaska. This large storm brought high winds (gusts of up to 85 mph) to the entire region and a storm surge of approximately 3 to 4 meters to parts of Norton Sound. The storm caused extensive flooding in the lower portion of Golovin on the afternoon of November 9, 2011. A team of Alaska Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) scientists visited Golovin on November 15, 2011, to document peak water levels, runup elevations, and inundation extents caused by this event. These data were combined with photographs taken by local residents during the event and elevation data from the 2004 DCCED Community Map to generate inundation limit lines.The National Status and Trends (NS) Benthic Surveillance Project Chemistry data file reports the trace concentrations of a suite of chemical contaminants in marine sediment and benthic fish tissue samples collected from all U.S. coastal regions from 1984 to 1992. The sediment and tissue samples were analyzed for major and trace elements and a suite of organic chemical constituents, including butyltins, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and pesticides. The Benthic Surveillance Project Tissue Chemistry file is constructed as a vertically formatted table.Sea-Bird SBE37SM MicroCat Conductivity/Temperature (CT) recorders were deployed between March 2010 and April 2011 on shallow water moorings located in Vieques Sound, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Passage USVI. The recovered temperature, conductivity, and salinity (derived from temperature and conductivity) time-series data are presented here in an ACII format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset RACE ETHNICITY Percent Persons by Race COS 2000 (81f27eca-4df7-4d77-825d-1b96e8e3c3e8)This part of DS 781 presents data for the bathymetric contours for several seafloor maps of the Offshore of Salt Point map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Contours_OffshoreSaltPoint.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreSaltPoint/data_catalog_OffshoreSaltPoint.html. 10-m interval contours of the Offshore of SaltPoint map area, California, were generated from bathymetry data collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB) and by Fugro Pelagos. Mapping was completed between 2007 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus interferometric system. These mapping missions combined to collect bathymetry from about the 10-m isobath to beyond the 3-nautical-mile limit of California State Waters. Bathymetric contours at 10-m intervals were generated from a bathymetric surface model. The most continuous contour segments were preserved while smaller segments and isolated island polygons were excluded from the final output. Contours were smoothed via a polynomial approximation with exponential kernel (PAEK) algorithm using a tolerance value of 60 m. The contours were then clipped to the boundary of the map area. These data are not intended for navigational purposes.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. This digital surface model represents coefficient of variation of the above ground height of vegetation returns.WMSThis report pertains to the roughly 9,000 NWS Cooperative Network sites whose observations are published in NCDC's Climatological Data or Hourly Precipitation Data publications. It is a compilation of elements observed and/or reported for all published stations in the Cooperative network. It uses repeating groups of details by station, data program, element and equipment. The PHR replaces the legacy Climatological Data Master Station Index (CDMSI) and Hourly Precipitation Data Master Station Index (HPDMSI) and provides a more complete, historical view of element details.The PHR replaces the legacy Climatological Data Master Station Index (CDMSI) and Hourly Precipitation Data Master Station Index (HPDMSI) and provides a more complete, historical view of element details.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.OSMF (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.EROS Publications Database EROS Publications Database: Search the main fields of the database. This literature database is maintained by the United States Geological Survey (USGS).Characteristics and consequences of some extreme storm eventsThis data set consists of general soil association units. It was developed by the National Cooperative Soil Survey and supersedes the State Soil Geographic (STATSGO) data set published in 1994. It consists of a broad based inventory of soils and nonsoil areas that occur in a repeatable pattern on the landscape and that can be cartographically shown at the scale mapped. The data set was created by generalizing more detailed soil survey maps. Where more detailed soil survey maps were not available, data on geology, topography, vegetation, and climate were assembled, together with Land Remote Sensing Satellite (LANDSAT) images. Soils of like areas were studied, and the probable classification and extent of the soils were determined. Map unit composition was determined by transecting or sampling areas on the more detailed maps and expanding the data statistically to characterize the whole map unit. This data set consists of georeferenced vector digital data and tabular digital data. The map data were collected in 1-by 2-degree topographic quadrangle units and merged into a seamless national data set. It is distributed in state/territory and national extents. The soil map units are linked to attributes in the National Soil Information System data base which gives the proportionate extent of the component soils and their properties. (Note: MnGeo adapted the NRCS metadata record to create this record using the Minnesota Geographic Metadata Guidelines.)DCMI_MediaWiki (en)Living Reviews in Solar Physics RefDB Search Search for references cited in Living Reviews in Solar Physics articles.Coastal bathymetric depth, measured in meters at depth values of: -10, -20, -30, -40, -50, -60, -70, -80, -90, -100, -150 -200, -400, -600Rice University's Baker InstituteThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Integrated Surface Data (ISD) is digital data set DSI-3505, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The Integrated Surface Data (ISD) database is composed of worldwide surface weather observations from over 20,000 stations, collected and stored from sources such as the Automated Weather Network (AWN), the Global Telecommunications System (GTS), the Automated Surface Observing System (ASOS), and data keyed from paper forms. Most digital observations are decoded either at operational centers and forwarded to the Federal Climate Complex (FCC) in Asheville, NC, or decoded at the FCC. The US Air Force Combat Climatology Center (AFCCC), the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC), and the US Navy's Fleet Numerical Meteorological and Oceanographical Command Detachment (FNMOD), make up the FCC in Asheville. Each agency is responsible for data ingest, quality control, and customer support for surface climatological data. All data are now stored in a single ASCII format. Numerous DOD and civilian customers use this database in climatological applications. ISD refers to the digital database and format in which hourly and synoptic (3-hourly) weather observations are stored. The format conforms to Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS). The database includes data originating from various codes such as synoptic, airways, METAR (Meteorological Routine Weather Report), and SMARS (Supplementary Marine Reporting Station), as well as observations from automatic weather stations. The data are sorted by station-year-month-day-hour-minute. Parameters included are: air quality, atmospheric pressure, atmospheric temperature/dew point, atmospheric winds, clouds, precipitation, ocean waves, tides and more. ISD Version 1 was released in 2001, with Version 2 (additional quality control applied) in 2003. Since 2003, there have been continued incremental improvements in automated quality control software.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWMSWMSThis dataset is a subset of the dataset titled ALL CULTRAL POINTS, created by the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Combinations of all of the cultural features are plotted when updating county and city maps in the Mapping Section at the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation DepartmentDownloaded 10/22/07 from http://www.bts.gov/publications/national_transportation_atlas_database/2007/. Queryed out ND via attributes and reprojected in ArcMap. Brian Bieber - NDDOT The Airport Runways database is a geographic dataset of runways in the United States and US territories containing information on the physical characteristics of the runways. The 5585 runways in the dataset are runways associated with the 20362 airports in the companion airport data set. This geospatial data is derived from the FAA's National Airspace System Resource Aeronautical Data Product (Effective 18 January 2007).The overarching goal of this collaboration was to provide the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary (FGBNMS) staff with information on biogeographic patterns within the Sanctuary. This specific project focused on the development of a plan to spatially and quantitatively characterize the fish communities in relatively shallow waters throughout the Sanctuary (less than 110 ft). This collaboration also included the initial implementation of that plan. The FGBNMS represents the northernmost tropical western Atlantic coral reef on the continental shelf and support the most highly developed offshore hard bank community in the region. The complexity of habitats supports a diverse assemblage of organisms including approximately 250 species of fish, 23 species of coral, and 80 species of algae in addition to large sponge communities. Understanding and monitoring these resources is critical to both sanctuary inventory and management activities. Monitoring of the biological communities has taken place at FGBNMS since the 1970s. This work has focused primarily on monitoring the benthos with video transects and photostations documenting transitions between coral, algae and sponge communities over time. Until relatively recently, little has been done to monitor or characterize the reef fish community. In 1994 the Reef Environmental Education Foundation (REEF) began surveys of the Sanctuary and utilized a combination of REEF personnel, volunteers, and Sanctuary staff to visually census reef fish populations via roving diver surveys. These surveys have been invaluable in terms of species list development and understanding the ranges of these species. Subsequently, a stationary point-count survey technique was utilized to begin to quantify community metrics such as species abundance and trophic structure at selected locations. These data provide an important starting point for characterizing the fish community; however, they are limited in scope of inference to small portions of the Sanctuary coral cap environment and are therefore difficult to utilize in developing population estimates at the scale of the Sanctuary.WMSList of plant specimens and photo gallery of plants in the collection of the herbarium at the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center, a reference collection of plants occurring in the area lying between Baltimore, Maryland and Washington D.C.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Fact sheet describing the value of The National Map designed as a network of digital databases that will provide a consistent national geographic data framework in responding to natural hazards and human-induced disasters.Bibliography of published reports, maps, journal articles, and proceedings related to the water resources of Washington State as published by the U.S. Geological Survey, or in cooperation with other Federal or State agencies.These images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavailable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands available for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.This is a full color 24 by 36 inch poster. In many areas of the global ocean, the depth of the seafloor is not well known because survey lines by ships are hundreds of kilometers apart. Satellites carrying radar altimeters have measured the shape of the ocean along tracks only 3-4 km apart, and from these data we can make very accuratore (+/-3mGal) and high resolution (15km) maps of the marine gravity field. The gravity field mimics the seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band if sediment cover on the ocean floor is thin. Long-wavelength (greater than 160 km) topography is isostatically compensated and is not correlated with the gravity field. In addition, the satellite gravity field and the available depth measurements were used to determine the correlation between gravity and the seafloor topography. By applying this correlation to the gravity field we predict seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band. This topography is combined with a long-wavelength component estimated directly from ship depth measurements. The result reveals many new features and is within +/- 100m of actual depths in many cases. The Predicted Seafloor Topography derived from the depths estimated from Satellite Altimetry in combination with measured trackline bathymetry is an inferred data set and is not true bathymetry. It is, however, the best estimate of seafloor topography available resulting from satellite gravity data and actual ship depth measurements. These data are intended for scientific research and should not be used for navigational purposes. Additional software is required in order to manipulate the data or produce your own graphic images. Poster and CD-ROM products are available for both gravity anomaly and estimated seafloor topography of several regions. Please refer to URL http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/announcements/announce_predict.html for more information, and to download sample images.This data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 3 Quickbird multispectral scenes. These full scenes were not sufficient to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery. Additional imagery was used for classifying obscured areas. All scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on St Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemConsistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Geologic and mineral resource information for 1635 deposits of phosphate worldwideHTML5 Apps Search HTML5 Apps -Structures intended to assist a navigator to determine position or safe course, or to warn of dangers or obstructions to navigation. This dataset includes lights, signals, buoys, day beacons, and other aids to navigation. These data are not to be used for navigation.Homepage for the statewide real-time hydrologic monitoring network featuring the latest hydrologic information in Louisiana.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Description of Long Island Sound projects and links to research topics, data, publications, photos, and technology on sediment transport, sea floor mapping, contaminant sampling, sediment texture, and environmental issues.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution 'color by depth' bathymetry of the south shore of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Notepad++ Wiki (en)Field guide to identify the reptiles and amphibians of coastal Southern California with glossary and map.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationNOAA Air Resources Laboratory Publication Database NOAA Air Resources Laboratory Publication Database: Search the main fields of the database. This literature database is maintained by the NOAA Air Resources Laboratory (NOAA-ARL).This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.Report: Deegan, SE. 1978. Gravity survey of the North Sea, north of 54N on MV Sperus. MGU Project 77/02. (IGS Report No 77, 89)This data file is a representation of the municipal boundaries for Tompkins County, NY.This data set contains the Limit of '8(g) Zone' line in ESRI shapefile format for the BOEM gulf of Mexico Region. The '8(g) Zone' lies between the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary line and a line projected 3 nautical miles seaward of the SLA boundary line. Within this zone, revenues are shared with the coastal state(s). Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact Submerged Lands Act Boundary. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.Contains the 8g line as of March 15, 2013. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files. Shape files put at \\\\\\\\imsnolna04\\\\le\\\\shared\\\\GISPublicInfo.Reviews how coal fires occur, how they can be detected by airborne and remote surveys, and, most importantly, the impact coal-fire emissions may have on the environment and human health, especially mercury, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and methane.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Lightstalkers Search Search profiles, discussion, images, and more.During May 1987, and May-June and September 1988, a total of 80 inner and outer marsh samples were collected in the Alligator Point salt marsh in Chocolate Bay within the Galveston Bay system of Texas. The objective was to examine the relationship between marsh edge and animal use in a planted Spartina marsh. Overall, the study indicates that habitat value of created salt marshes can be enhanced by incorporating tidal creeks into the marsh designDescribes cooperation of the USGS office in Las Vegas, Nevada, with the Department of Energy to address environmental and scientific issues at the Nevada Test Site and vicinity with links to project information.pkgdb Web OpenSearch Search Fedora Package DatabaseMethods to depict the connectedness of rock units across fault and fracture zones, allowing us to determine the distribution of geologic units, structural features, and other controlling factors, such as porosity and permeability.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Water level records are a combination of the fluctuations of the ocean and the vertical land motion at the location of the station. Monthly mean sea level (MSL) variations were analyzed for 128 stations of the National Ocean Service's (NOS) National Water Level Observation Network (NWLON) having between 30 and 146 years of data. The sea level variations determined are the linear trend, the average seasonal cycle, and the interannual variability at each station. Monthly data up to the end of 2006 were used in the calculation and all stations had data spanning a period of 30 years or more. Since the derived trends include the local vertical land motion, they are spatially variable. Calculated MSL trends range from 9.85 mm/yr for Grand Isle, LA to -16.68 mm/yr for Skagway AK, and are consistent with previous trends published by NOS. Available data from this project include time series plots for each station of the monthly MSL with the seasonal cycle removed, a 5-month average, and the linear trend with its 95% confidence interval which was obtained after accounting for the average seasonal cycle; the seasonal cycle; the Interannual variation of mean sea level for all data to 2006; and the Interannual variation from 1980 to the present (updated monthly). The location and timing of any major earthquakes near stations in tectonically-active areas are noted since an associated vertical offset or a change in MSL trend is possible.NOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.The Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management (SAICM) is a policy framework to foster the sound management of chemicals. SAICM was developed by a multi-stakeholder and multi-sectoral Preparatory Committee and supports the achievement of the goal agreed at the 2002 Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development of ensuring that, by the year 2020, chemicals are produced and used in ways that minimize significant adverse impacts on the environment and human health.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific Collaborationpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationHomepage for the National Land Cover Data (NLCD), a land cover classification scheme, for the United States based on data derived from Landsat Thematic Mapper satellite data. Includes links to description, products, accuracy, and program partners.Brief descriptions, contacts, and links to other information and products for research programs of the USGS Central Energy Team on gas hydrates, petroleum expulsion, unconventional natural gas, petroleum systems, and reserve growth.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMS Service for RGIS dataset BIRTH PLACE Persons by Place of Birth and Citizenship COS 2000 (5c325207-841a-40d3-8754-56d526de548a)Open Access Button Search Open Access Button - Push Button. Get Research. Make Progress.Project summaries and publications on wildlife contaminant exposures and prediction and monitoring of future restoration-driven exposures within the South Florida ecosystems.Home page for National Wetlands Research Center's (NWRC) Spatial Analysis Branch (SAB), which uses state-of-the-art technology to assist the work of natural resource managers with spatial data and computerized analysis techniques.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Provides detailed technical information on earthquake hazards in the form of frequently asked questions. Designed for the technical audience, including building and safety planners.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset De Baca County 2010 Census Block Groups (84857d03-fbc6-476b-b45c-9d93dd093ce9)powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationList of current water resources projects being conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in Maryland, Delaware, and the District of Columbia with links to dedicated websites, contacts, and project descriptions.Explains how this potentially harmful invasive species arrived, why we are concerned, where in the area it is found, what environmental factors control its spread, and what might be done in response.National-scale compilation of radiometric and fission-track age dates for geological materialsThe U.S. Geological Survey Sea Floor Stress and Sediment Mobility Database contains estimates of wave-current bottom stress and sediment mobility for the U.S. Atlantic and Gulf Coast continental shelf regions. This USGS database provides information to address issues in coastal and offshore areas where the degree and/or frequency of sediment mobility are important, such as characterization of sea floor ecosystems and evaluation of areas prior to development.Four postcards available for downloading and printing, illustrating the use of lidar (light detection and ranging) to construct high-resolution topographic and habitat maps.Distribution and morphological character of moderate to large size dune fields on Mars from 65 degrees North to the north pole.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This high-resolution LiDAR survey covers an area of 209 km2 located 10 miles southwest of State College, Pennsylvania. The data collection was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and performed by the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping (NCALM) during peak leaf-on and leaf-off conditions in 2010 (July 2010 and December 2010, respectively). The dataset contains point cloud tiles in LAS format, 1 m Digital Surface Model (DSM) derived using first-stop points, 1 m Digital Elevation Model (DEM) derived using ground-class points and 1 m hill shade dataset derived from DEM. These datasets were used to estimate vegetation biomass and distributions, provide bare earth elevations, and to assist with prediction of Critical Zone creation and structure.postdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemNODC Accession 0115197 includes discrete sample, meteorological, tows - plankton tows and biological data collected aboard the JOHN N. COBB during cruises SECM, jc0005, jc0009, jc0012, jc0016, jc0018, jc0105, jc0109, jc0113, jc0116, jc0118, jc0205, jc0209, jc0213, jc0216, jc0302, jc0304b, jc0305, jc0308, jc0310, jc0312, jc0406, jc0408, jc0411, jc0414, jc0506, jc0508, jc0510, jc0512, jc0608, jc0611, jc0613, jc0616, jc9706, jc9709, jc9711, jc9714, jc9717, jc9805, jc9808, jc9811, jc9815, jc9818, jc9906, jc9909, jc9912, jc9915 and jc9918 in the Coastal Waters of SE Alaska, Gulf of Alaska and North Pacific Ocean from 1997-05-24 to 2006-08-20. These data include BIOMASS, Displacement Volume, WATER DEPTH, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION - LIFE STAGE, ANIMALS - INDIVIDUAL - COUNTS, ZOOPLANKTON BIOMASS, TAXONOMIC CODE and PHYTOPLANKTON BIOMASS. The instruments used to collect these data include thermosalinographs, bottle, CTD, net and radiometer. These data were collected by Alex C Wertheimer, Emily A Fergusson, Joseph A Orsi and Molly V Sturdevant of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Alaska Fisheries Science Center as part of NEP. The Biological and Chemical Oceanography Data Management Office (BCO-DMO) submitted these data to NODC on 2013-10-31. The following is the text of the abstract provided by BCO-DMO: Zooplankton counts from net tows taken in conjunction with juvenile salmon studies in the Gulf of Alaska from 1997-2006 by the Southeast Coastal Monitoring Project. Measurements include settling volume, displacement volume, composition of taxa. important links: http://www.afsc.noaa.gov/ABL/MSI/msi_secm.htm (http://www.afsc.noaa.gov/ABL/MSI/msi_secm.htm) Also see related SECM datasets: station data (http://globec.whoi.edu/jg/serv/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_stations.html0%7Bdir=globec.whoi.edu/jg/dir/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/,info=globec.whoi.edu/jg/info/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_stations%7D) nutrients (http://globec.whoi.edu/jg/serv/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_nuts.html0%7Bdir=globec.whoi.edu/jg/dir/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/,info=globec.whoi.edu/jg/info/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_nuts%7D) ctd (http://globec.whoi.edu/jg/serv/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_ctd.html0%7Bdir=globec.whoi.edu/jg/dir/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/,info=globec.whoi.edu/jg/info/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_ctd%7D) fish catch data (http://globec.whoi.edu/jg/serv/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_fishcatch.html2%7Bdir=globec.whoi.edu/jg/dir/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/,info=globec.whoi.edu:80/jg/info/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_fishcatch%7D?cruise_id%20eq%20jc971x) fish length and stomach contents (http://globec.whoi.edu/jg/serv/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_fish_size_prey.html0%7Bdir=globec.whoi.edu/jg/dir/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/,info=globec.whoi.edu/jg/info/globec/nep/cgoa/ltop/secm_fish_size_prey%7D)N/AThis image represents a 4 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of a seamount/bank East of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in and around the Northeast Reserve from 3/05/2013 to 3/29/2013. Data was acquired with a hull mounted Kongsberg EM1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software, applying all relevant correctors (attitude, sound velocity, absorption coefficient). Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected in CARIS HIPS Mosaic Editor. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependent on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NEFSC bottom trawl survey is a fisheries independent, multi-species survey that provides the primary scientific data for fisheries assessments in the U.S. mid-Atlantic and New England regions. Two bottom trawl surveys are conducted each year, one in the spring and one in the autumn. The survey is a standardized, stratified random design, with stratification based on bathymetry and multiple trawl sites within each stratum. Trawl sites are selected randomly, but the overall ship path is south to north. The survey covers the continental shelf and U.S. exclusive economic zone (EEZ) from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina into the Canadian EEZ. The primary gear is a bottom trawl, with CTD, multifrequency echosounder, and a host of other scientific sensor data collected ancillary to the bottom trawl catches.USGS Topo is a topographic tile cache base map that combines the most current data (Boundaries, Names, Transportation, Elevation, Hydrography, Land Cover, and other themes) that make up The National Map. Contours generated for the US Topo product are included and are visible along with other data to the 1:18,000 zoom scale. This product is designed to provide a seamless view of the data, closely resembling The National Map's US Topo (GeoPDF) product at large scales, in a GIS accessible format.Deep-water marine caves are one of the Earth's last largely unexplored frontiers of undiscovered fauna (animal life). More than 150 limestone caves are known to exist in or near the island of Bermuda. Many of these caves have extensive but relatively shallow submerged portions that connect to the sea via tidal springs along the coastline. These inland caves are inhabited by a number of diverse eyeless and colorless crustaceans and other invertebrates. Many of these organisms are "living fossils"; and some are most closely related to deep-sea organisms. While previous investigations of marine caves have been limited to those within shallow depths (less than 50 meters/164 feet), current research suggests that caves can occur at almost any depth within the sea. The geological history of Bermuda, coupled with biological evidence (cave-adapted species), indicates a strong possibility for the presence of deep-water caves near the island. Thus, Bermuda offers an idea location to search for and to study deep-water caves.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe information, citations, and hypothetical examples provided in this report highlight how basic principles and assessments are essential components of the regulatory and policy decision-making process. Link to PDF version.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on shrubland and steppe ecosystemsSearch the current edition of the CatalogThis map displays fish biomass observation locations overlaid on bathymetrySummarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this state.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThis image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were processed by the Hawaii Mapping Research Group (HMRG), University of Hawaii using the HAWAII MR1 Sidescan Sonar Software Suite. The data were corrected for angle varying gain, transmit power and pulse width. Electronic and acoustic noise, such as striping due to across track variations in amplitude and speckling due to transducer motion, were removed.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This dataset contains address points which represent physical address locations assigned by the county addressing authority. This base data serves a variety of public functions that include index layer for address match/geocoding applications, Streamlines Sales and Tax source jurisdiction assignment and as a reference data set to support state and local redistricting following the 2010 Census. Attribution for this data set was drawn from the URISA/NENA Address Standard. The physical address point file only contains address elements. Areas currently included in the data set: City of Hope, City of Jonesboro, Baxter, Benton, Bradley, Calhoun, Carroll, Clark, Columbia, Crawford, Desha, Faulkner, Grant, Howard, Jefferson, Johnson, Lawrence, Lee, Lincoln, Madison, Marion, Miller, Mississippi, Montgomery, Nevada, Perry, Poinsett, Pope, Pulaski, Randolph, Saline, Scott, Searcy, Sebastian, Stone, Union, Van Buren, Washington, White, YellThis layer is the Ozark-St. Francis National Forest ownership polygons. Shows ownership pertaining to National Forest System lands within the forest boundary. Categorized by Forest Service, Public Domain and Private.Baseline (1961-1990) average winter temperature in and projected change in temperature for for the northern portion of Alaska. For the purposes of these maps, 'winter' is defined as December - February. The Alaska portion of the Arctic LCC's terrestrial boundary is depicted by the black line. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS3.1 data and downscaled to 2km grids; results for the other time periods (2010-2039, 2040-2069, 2070-2099) are based on the SNAP 5-GCM composite using the AR5-RCP 8.5, downscaled to 2km grids.EM300 and EM3002D multibeam Data were collected from 11-31 October 2005 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Maro Reef and a seamount east of Nihoa Island in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands during cruise HI-05-08. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. Horizontal accuracy is 20 m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from ~30-3000m. Concurrent mapping at Maro Reef was done by the R/V AHI in water depths ranging from 30-100m with the data set being AHI-05-08; metadata for AHI-05-08 are submitted separately.The Diablo Canyon Power Plant (DCPP) LiDAR and Imagery datasets are comprised of three separate LiDAR surveys: Diablo Canyon (2010), Diablo Canyon (2010), and San Simeon (2013). The Diablo Canyon project study is located in San Luis Obispo County, California, and encompasses approximately 10,634 acres (43.03 square kilometers). Watershed Sciences, Inc. (WSI) collected Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) data on both the inland and intertidal land within the Diablo Canyon study area on 28 January 2010. For optimal capture of the intertidal zone, WSI acquired LiDAR data of the coastline during seasonal low tides (between 0.0 ft and peak low of around 1.5 ft) and in conjunction with a PDOP value of less than 3.0. This LiDAR survey utilized a Leica ALS50 Phase II laser system. The sensor scan angle was +/- 13 from nadir with a pulse rate designed to yield an average native density of more than 8 pulses per square meter over terrestrial surfaces. The area of interest was surveyed with an opposing flight line side-lap of equal-to-or-more-than 50% (equal-to-or-more-than 100% overlap) to reduce laser shadowing and increase surface laser painting.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 6 sites around Rota in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 3 September - 1 October 2005 in the NOAA Oscar Elton Sette (OES 0511) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) actively seeks data from and partnerships with Government agencies at all levels and other interested organizations. The GNIS is the Federal standard for geographic nomenclature. The U.S. Geological Survey developed the GNIS for the U.S. Board on Geographic Names, a Federal inter-agency body chartered by public law to maintain uniform feature name usage throughout the Government and to promulgate standard names to the public. The GNIS is the official repository of domestic geographic names data; the official vehicle for geographic names use by all departments of the Federal Government; and the source for applying geographic names to Federal electronic and printed products of all types. See http://geonames.usgs.gov for additional information.WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian/ Alaska Native Area/ Hawaiian Homeland Areas for Taos County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (27074339-1a09-426a-ab1e-7e6c056b4a2a)Search the Mozilla Support Knowledge Base and Support Forum.A template database for recording information on individual isolates of aquatic pathogens affecting a variety of aquatic species such as fish or shellfish. Tracks collection, history, geography, gene sequence, and diagnostic info. Uses FileMaker Pro.XHTML2 (en)Optical validation data were collected using the Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), a sled equipped with underwater video camera, still camera and lights. Camera sled deployments were conducted during the day, from the contracted vessel Bonavista II. Data were collected in American Samoa, around the island of Ta'u to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts from November 6-9, 2012.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThe present geodata represents the primary school of Guinea.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data as of 2009, includes facility name, facility power capacity, number of turbines associated with each facility to date, facility developer, facility ownership, year the facility went online, and development status of wind facility.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationEurographics. The European Association for Computer GraphicsWMSSearch the University of St Thomas websiteBooklet (PDF format) on the Pleistocene glaciations known as the Great Ice Age and the resulting geomorphological, climatic, and environmental changes that occurred on Earth during the period.NCAR Command Language (NCL) Downloadspowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationPrimary homepage for USGS programs in water resources with links to water data, publications and products, technical resources, major programs, and water information services.Slope is derived from gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI, and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. Cell values reflect the maximum rate of change (in degrees) in elevation between neighboring cells derived with the ArcGIS Spatial Analyst extension. This data set is for Johnston Island, Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.The GIS REST service for "Shipping Lanes in U.S. waters" provides raster maps of the Shipping Lanes is a term used to indicate the general flow of merchant shipping between two departure/terminal areas. These areas are derived from NOAA's Electronic Navigation Charts. This serivce is a cartographic representation of marine source data based on S-57 data format and content specificationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 5 towboard surveys (11.5592 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands from 12 September - 12 October 2008 as part of RAMP Cruise HI0809. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.Pacific Islands Marine Portal- : the portal of the Pacific Islands Marine Resources Information System (PIMRIS)GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesCombining genetic data with current and predicted climate scenarios, we are modeling the predicted future distributions of wildlife populations in the Arctic and identifying key environmental variables that determine important animal habitat.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information on Mississippi-Valley-Type and clastic-dominated sediment-hosted lead-zinc deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderDynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesWMSThe Life Science Web Services RegistryThe National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.Optical validation data were collected using a Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights. Data were collected in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), around 18 different islands and banks, to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts during NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette cruise OES0307, from August 22 through September 21, 2003.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemWMSWFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico Voting Precincts (2008) (edf218ed-22cc-4e1e-ad3e-255626bea630)Links to overview, major programs, products and publications on coal, oil & gas, environment & human health, and resource economics, and special applicationsMap interface and data download of Sed Zn-Pb data including KML and GIS data formatsThe TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Traffic analysis zones (TAZs) are basic spatial units of analysis facilitating the ability of transportation planners to forecast changes in commuting patterns, trip volumes, and modes of travel, and to develop plans to meet the changing demands for transportation facilities and capacities. Each TAZ represents an area containing similar kinds of land use and commuter travel.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationUAS MAPPING 2014 RENO Search UAS MAPPING 2014 RENO - ASPRS UAS Technical Demonstration and SymposiumThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A compendium of references to previously published databases and database records that describe PGE, nickel, and chromium deposits and occurrences. These data show where to obtain more detailed information about each deposit or occurrence.HTML WG Wiki (en)powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationConsistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.National-scale geochemical analysis of stream sediments and soils in the US, from existing data, reanalysis of existing samples, and new sampling. Goal for sample density is one per 289 square km.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.Data in this file were produced by Science Applications, Inc., prime contractor on the Bureau of Land Management/Outer Continental Shelf - Southern California Studies (BLM/OCS). Data consist of six data files (benthic sediment characteristics, benthic sediment hydrocarbons, intertidal sediment hydrocarbons, intertidal sediment trace metals, benthic sediment trace metals, and intertidal sediment characteristics). Data are derived from 801 grab and box core samples from the sea floor offshore Southern California. Original documentation have been scanned as images to a .PDF document. The data were received at NGDC via NODC on August 19, 1977. Some documentation has also been transcribed to an ASCII readme file. Additional data codes and documentation are in poor, extremely hard to read condition. There are known problems in these data files, including truncation of records past the 80th column in the first file (Benthic Sediment Characteristics). Other problems exist in device codes and analyses that were unable to be resolved by multiple exchanges with the contributors. Additional problems may exist, including deviations from the specified formats.We estimated mean volumes of 2.3 billion barrels of oil, 79.6 trillion cubic feet of gas, and 2.1 billion barrels of natrual gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Teacher's guide on coastal wetlands to aid in developing lesson plans for different levels of grade school and high school students. Includes general information, activities, references, and glossary.Overview of volcano hazards in California with links to monitoring data including earthquakes and deformations, long-term outlook, volcano hazards in the area, USGS response plan, image gallery, monitoring and topical studies, publications and references.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Lists priority survey areas and objectives of these programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Chapter from Land Use History of the North America on the results of a study to understand the interactions of population growth, urbanization, and agricultural activity over time.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesGeoNode is an open source platform that facilitates the creation, sharing, and collaborative use of geospatial dataWMSConsistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Search ACPEThese images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavailable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands available for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesNOAA CoastWatch distributes SST anomaly data using a combination of the POES AVHRR Global Area Coverage data, and data from a climatological database by Casey and Cornillon. AVHRR SST is compared with the climatological SST for the region and time period specified.Multiple studies addressing urban water-quality issues, to describe biological, chemical, and physical characteristics of urban water resources over time, and relate those characteristics to natural processes and human activitiesInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on aquatic invasive organismsHome page for the Western Region Energy Resources Program with links to Alaska petroleum studies project, coal, oil and gas, other energy sources, environment and human health, and publications.Acidified soils caused toxic aluminum in 66 percent of 565 assessed streams. Diatoms and aquatic macroinvertebrates were moderately to severely affected. These effects have not improved in areas surveyed in the early 1980sThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains roadway centerlines for township administered roads found on the USGS 1:24,000 mapping series. In some areas, these roadways are current through the 2000 construction season, elsewhere they depict features as represented on the USGS map.USGS water resources home page for Texas with links to historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, floods, droughts, coastal storm surge, lakes and reservoirs, and water quality plus district and publications information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We estimated means of 3.97 billion barrels of undiscovered oil, 38.5 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas, and 1.47 billion barrels of undiscovered natural gas liquids in these areas.Methods and techniques used to collect and process LiDAR elevation data, the generation of the digital elevation model (DEM) and the 2-foot contours, and the quality-assurance procedures and results.(i) Acquire samples of 75-100, age-0 individuals for each species at eight localities along the west coast of Puerto Rico. (ii) acquire genotypes for each individual at 15-20 nuclear encoded microsatellites (iii) acquire relevant fishery parameters during each trip at each locality for use in NMFS assessments. Questions to be answered include: (a) Are there differences in each species in population structure? (b) What are the historical and present day patterns of connectivity (migration) in each species among MPAs or between MPAs and non - restricted fishing grounds? (c) Are there significant effects on genetic variation, distribution of rare alleles, and the effective number of breeding adults contributing to cohorts due to locality, time of sampling, or species? d) Are there locality effects on genetic parameters that identify MPAs as source populations and distinguish MPAs from non restricted fishing groundsMaps and explanations of continuous real-time data collection methods and results, including water temperature, turbididty, specific conductance, dissolved oxygen, pH, and stream discharge values.Revistes i Congressos UPC Revistes i Congressos UPC DSpace repositoryThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) are approximate area representations of U.S. Postal Service (USPS) ZIP Code service areas that the Census Bureau creates to present statistical data from Census 2000. The Census Bureau creates ZCTAs for the United States, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands for the 2010 Census. Data users should not use ZCTAs to identify the official USPS ZIP Code for mail delivery. The USPS makes periodic changes to ZIP Codes to support more efficient mail delivery. For the 2010 Census, ZCTAs should more accurately represent the actual ZIP Codes at the time of their delineation than they did for Census 2000. This is because that before the tabulation blocks, which the ZCTAs are built from, were delineated for the 2010 Census, the Census Bureau undertook the process of inserting lines that could be used as 2010 Census tabulation block boundaries, and these lines split polygons where the result would be that a significant number of addresses would occur on either one or both sides of the line associated with a single ZIP Code. Each 2010 Census tabulation block that contains addresses is assigned to a single ZCTA, usually to the ZCTA that reflects the most frequently occurring ZIP Code for the addresses within that tabulation block. As a result, ZIP Codes associated with address ranges found in the Address Ranges relationship file may not always match the ZCTA. Blocks that do not contain addresses but are completely surrounded by a single ZCTA (enclaves) are assigned to the surrounding ZCTA. A ZCTA may not exist for every USPS ZIP Code. Some ZIP Codes may not have a matching ZCTA because too few addresses were associated with the specific ZIP Code or the ZIP Code was not the most frequently occurring ZIP Code within any of the blocks were it exists. The Census Bureau uses the addresses stored within MTDB to delineate ZCTAs, and at the time of the 2010 Census the MTDB primarily included addresses for residential or at least potentially residential structures, so ZCTAs representing only non-residential structures are infrequent. Also, in each tabulation block, if a choice existed between using a potential city-style mail delivery ZIP Code for an address or a post office box ZIP Code, the city-style mail delivery ZIP Code was preferred for the 2010 Census ZCTA delineation. The Census Bureau identifies 5-digit ZCTAs using a five-character numeric code that represents the most frequently occurring USPS ZIP Code within that ZCTA, and this code may contain leading zeros.The purpose of this project is to investigate the toxic effects of four wildland firefighting foams on Myxobolus cerebralis, the causative agent of Whirling Disease. M. cerebralis is considered an important Aquatic Invasive Species (AIS) in North America. It is responsible for significant declines in wild and hatchery stocks of trout and salmon. Efforts are being made to prevent the spread of Whirling Disease throughout the western U.S. The goal of the proposed experiment is to determine if firefighting foams and/or retardant are effective in inactivating M. cerebralis. Toxicity of several currently approved Class A wildland firefighting foams on various aquatic invasive species.Links to research studies, conservation information, and general information on desert tortoises at the Western Ecological Research Center in Sacramento, California.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Antwiki (en)A station observation-based global land monthly mean surface air temperature dataset at 0.5 x 0.5 latitude-longitude resolution for the period from 1948 to the present was developed at the Climate Prediction Center, National Centers for Environmental Prediction. This data set is different from some existing surface air temperature data sets in: (1) using a combination of two large individual data sets of station observations collected from the Global Historical Climatology Network version 2 and the Climate Anomaly Monitoring System (GHCN + CAMS), so it can be regularly updated in near real time with plenty of stations and (2) some unique interpolation methods, such as the anomaly interpolation approach with spatially-temporally varying temperature lapse rates derived from the observation-based Reanalysis for topographic adjustment. When compared with several existing observation-based land surface air temperature data sets, the preliminary results show that the quality of this new GHCN + CAMS land surface air temperature analysis is reasonably good and the new data set can capture most common temporal-spatial features in the observed climatology and anomaly fields over both regional and global domains. The study also reveals that there are clear biases between the observed surface air temperature and the existing Reanalysis data sets, and they vary in space and seasons. Therefore the Reanalysis 2 m temperature data sets may not be suitable for model forcing and validation. The GHCN + CAMS data set will be mainly used as one of land surface meteorological forcing inputs to derive other land surface variables, such as soil moisture, evaporation, surface runoff, snow accumulation and snow melt, etc. As a byproduct, this monthly mean surface air temperature data set can also be applied to monitor surface air temperature variations over global land routinely or to verify the performance of model simulation and prediction. Refer to this paper: Fan, Y. and H. van den Dool, 2008: A global monthly land surface air temperature analysis for 1948-present. J. Geophys. Res., 113, doi: 10.1029/2007JD008470.Dr. Christopher Jenkins of the University of Colorado Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR), produced this data hypercube derived from the prime data (exclusive of G.R.A.P.E. and logging data) of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP). The Deep-Sea Drilling Project legacy data on the lithologies and physical properties of core recoveries is reprocessed into a uniformly formatted, integrated dataset which can be worked on in a wide range of software applications for query, analysis, mapping and visualization. The goal is to create a dataset which is able to be used efficiently across many science disciplines, especially in the fields of global change, ocean management and earth sciences research. The hypercube data model allows scientists and others to easily comprehend and work with the data layout and content. The integration has employed methods of standardization, linguistic parsing, error trapping, uncertainty analysis, and presentation that have developed and been validated over a decade of use in dbSEABED, for marine ecology, resources, engineering, research and survey. Nevertheless integration of the DSDP dataset has been challenging, not all the DSDP data could be treated successfully.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Baseline (1961-1990) average winter temperature in and projected change in temperature for for the northern portion of Alaska. For the purposes of these maps, 'winter' is defined as December - February. The Alaska portion of the Arctic LCC's terrestrial boundary is depicted by the black line. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS3.1 data and downscaled to 2km grids; results for the other time periods (2010-2039, 2040-2069, 2070-2099) are based on the SNAP 5-GCM composite using the AR5-RCP 8.5, downscaled to 2km grids.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.We are determining the acute toxicity of the fire retardants PHOS-CHEK P100-F and D75-F on ocean-type and stream-type Chinook at different stages of their development. In addition, we will investigate the impact of fire retardant exposure on seawater survival and time to recovery in ocean- and stream-type Chinook following sub-lethal exposures to PHOS-CHEK P100-F and D75-F. Effect of fire retardants on salmon healthPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationLinks to oil and gas assessment maps of major basins in the United States and to related publications, and products.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AThis dataset is a subset of the dataset titled ALL CULTRAL POINTS, created by the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Combinations of all of the cultural features are plotted when updating county and city maps in the Mapping Section at the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation DepartmentInterdisciplinary studies are facilitated by this assemblage of meeting space, human resources, and computing capabilities.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of RGB imagery collected by the Leica ADS40 sensor along the coast of California. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inshore 500 meters. The sensor produces 12-bit data with three color bands that are not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages processes the imagery data into GIS-compatible products for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID09 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). Imagery have been ortho-rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. The file index is provided by the shape file, "CA_boxes" and the numbers used to identify files are in the "Box" field of the shape file. The data file naming convention is based on the year, project, area name, "Box" number, and product type. An example file name is "2009_NCMP_CA_###_RGB_ADS40.tif," where (2009) is the year of data collection, (NCMP) is the project under which data were collected, (CA) is the area of data collection, (###) is the "Box" number, and "(RGB_ADS40)" is the product type.Collection includes a variety of H-alpha photographic datasets contributed by a number of national and private solar observatories located worldwide. Solar observations in hydrogen-alpha (656.3 nm) reveal the structure and dynamics of chromospheric features including prominences, filaments, plague, filaments and the chromospheric network.The Q3 Flood Data are derived from the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMS) published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The file is georeferenced to earth's surface using geographic projection and decimal degree coordinate system. The specifications for the horizontal control of Q3 Flood Data files are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:24000. The user is encouraged to refer to the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA SPECIFICATIONS' manual and the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA USERS GUIDE' for complete information on the technical details of the Q3 data, its attributes, its uses, and limitations.WMS Service for RGIS dataset Current 5-Digit ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) for Torrance County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (ba735eab-2819-40e7-92f7-1b2cadbf4c6e)en.swpat.org (en)Links to projects that provide information on the relation of land use to water quality, sources of pollutants, or trends in water quality.The purpose of HAPCs is to focus conservation, management, and research efforts on subsets of EFH that are vulnerable to degradation or are especially important ecologically for federally managed fish. The HAPC designation alone does not confer additional protection or restrictions to an area, but helps to focus EFH conservation, management, and research priorities. HAPC designation is a valuable way to acknowledge areas where we have detailed information on ecological function and habitat vulnerability, indicating a greater need for conservation and management. In some instances the Councils and NMFS may develop fishery management measures to conserve the habitat within the HAPC.HAPCs are a subset of EFH that deserve special attention because they provide extremely important ecological functions and/or are especially vulnerable to degradation. For instance, HAPC designation may be warranted for areas that play a vital role in the reproductive cycle of a managed species (e.g., grouper spawning sites) or areas that contain a rare habitat type (e.g., corals) that may be sensitive to disturbance from fishing or other human activities.Councils may designate an area as a HAPC for one or more of the following reasons:The habitat provides important ecological functionsThe habitat is sensitive to human-induced environmental degradationDevelopment activities are, or will be, stressing the habitatThe habitat type is rare.Near real-time list of earthquakes recently occurring anywhere in the world.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the Purdue University Libraries Articles.UAS MAPPING 2015 RENO Search UAS MAPPING 2015 RENO - ASPRS UAS Technical Demonstration and SymposiumNational Collaborative for Women's History SitesThe U.S. Army Corps of Engineers collects and maintains LiDAR data including orthophotos in coastal areas of the United States and its territories. The Corps acquires this data in the course of performing its mission of Flood Control, Navigation, Environmental Engineering, and support for the Army and others. These data were collected along the Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania coasts of the Great Lakes using the CHARTS (Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey) system and industry based coastal mapping and charting systems.Collects a series of short articles on earthquake science and related topics for students, teachers, and parents originally published as weekly features in The San Francisco Chronicle.The CD-ROM was compiled according to the methodology developed by the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project . The goal of the project was to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world and report these results by the year 2000. A worldwide series of geologic maps, published on CD-ROMs, was released by the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project during 1997 - 2000. Specific details of the data sources and map compilation are given in the metadata files on this CD-ROM. These maps were compiled using Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. (ESRI) ARC/INFO software. Political boundaries and cartographic representations on this map are shown (with permission) from ESRI's ArcWorld 1:3M digital coverage: they have no political significance and are displayed as general reference only. Portions of this database covering the coastline and country boundaries contain proprietary property of ESRI. ( 1992 and 1996, Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. All rights reserved.)Search the Debian website.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We combine long-term records from aerial photographs, detailed mapping using survey-grade GPS, and ground-based lidar with meteorological monitoring. Sand dune migration rates are currently about 35 meters per year.Detailed publication on the classification system for an inventory of wetlands and deepwater habitats of the United States used to describe ecological taxa and arrange them in a system useful to resource managers.C3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Wessex Archaeology (WA) was commissioned by Cadw to acquire, process and interpret marine geophysical data over a number of known and suspected wreck site locations off the coast of Wales. This survey was conducted under the Protection of Wrecks Act (1973) contract and the data is Crown Copyright . The data were acquired and processed by Wessex Archaeology. The marine geophysical surveys targeted a total of nine suspected wreck locations in Milford Haven area, off the coast of South Wales, seven of which represent the locations for the remains of 19th century Welsh vessels associated with the coal mining industry. Additional survey data were acquired over two 20th century sites within the Milford Haven, the Thor and the Sunderland. The acquisition of these data aimed to assist RCAHMW maritime team and the Sunderland Trust with on-going archaeological research and fund-raising. The marine geophysical surveys also targeted a total of ten suspected and known wreck site locations off the coast of Lleyn peninsula in North Wales. These included eight unconfirmed positions of 19th century Welsh vessels associated with the slate mining industry, two designated sites the Diamond and the Tal-Y-Bont, and the marine hazard of St Patrick s Causeway with the aim of discovering new wreck sites. The project aimed to acquire marine geophysical data consisting of high resolution sidescan sonar and magnetic gradiometer data over a total of total of 21 known and suspected wreck positions and along the known marine hazard of St. Patrick s Causeway. Since the sites were located in two different areas, they were surveyed during two separate surveys from the Pembroke based vessel Blue Shark. The first session surveyed sites mostly off Milford Haven in south Wales between 17th and 18th April 2010. The second session surveyed sites off the coast of Lleyn peninsula and along St. Patrick s Causeway in north Wales between 23rd April 2010 and 2nd May 2010 with a day of mobilisation and a day of demobilisation at the start and end of the survey session. The geology and geophysics component of the data are archived at British Geological Survey (BGS) MEDIN Data Archive Centre (DAC) for Geology and Geophysics. Data were also provided to other archive centres as appropriate.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Chart TrackerNOAA CoastWatch distributes SST anomaly data using a combination of the POES AVHRR Global Area Coverage data, and data from a climatological database by Casey and Cornillon. AVHRR SST is compared with the climatological SST for the region and time period specified.These files contain topographic and bathymetric lidar data collected by the Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey (CHARTS) system along the coast of Wisconsin. CHARTS integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, a digital camera and a hyperspectral scanner on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inland 500 meters (topography) and offshore 1,000 meters or to laser extinction (bathymetry). The topographic lidar sensor has a pulse repetition rate of 9 kHz at 1064 nm (near-infrared wavelength). The bathymetric lidar sensor has a pulse repetition rate of 1 kHz at 532 nm (green wavelength). Native lidar data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages are used to process the native lidar data into 3-dimensional positions that can be imported into GIS software for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions were referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model was used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The format of the files was LAS version 1.0. The NOAA Coastal Services Center received the data and converted the topo and hydro files from NAVD88 heights to ellipsoid heights using GEOID03. These files were converted for data storage and Digital Coast provisioning purposes. The data are classified as: 1 - Unclassified 2 - Ground 11 - BathymetryGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesProject is designed to integrate studies from a number of researchers compiling data from terrestrial, marine, and freshwater ecosystems within south Florida. Links to publications, maps, posters, and data of studies.The Digital Geologic Map of Great Basin National Park and Vicinity, Nevada is composed of GIS data layers, two ancillary GIS tables, a Windows Help File with ancillary map text, figures and tables, GIS data layer and table FGDC metadata and ArcMap 9.1 layer (.LYR) files. The data were completed as a component of the Geologic Resource Evaluation (GRE) program, a National Park Service (NPS) Inventory and Monitoring (I) funded program that is administered by the NPS Geologic Resources Division (GRD). All GIS and ancillary tables were produced as per the NPS GRE Geology-GIS Geodatabase Data Model v. 1.4. (available at: http://science.nature.nps.gov/im/inventory/geology/GeologyGISDataModel.cfm). The GIS data is available as a 9.1 personal geodatabase (grba_geology.mdb), as coverage and table export (.E00) files, and as a shapefile (.SHP) and DBASEIV (.DBF) table files. The GIS data projection is NAD83, UTM Zone 11N. That data is within the area of interest of Great Basin National Park.Colored geomagnetic and gravity maps and related data and graphical plots for the state of Washington.WMSEM300 and EM3002D multibeam data were collected from 23 June to 20 July 2006 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Kure Atoll, Pearl and Hermes Atoll, Midway Island, and Kaua'i Island in the Central Pacific during cruise HI-06-09. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time using tide zoning and predicted tides supplied by NOAA's National Ocean Service Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS). At Kure Atoll, Sand Island (1619910) predicted tides were used in zone HI48. At Pearl and Hermes Atoll, Sand Island (1619910) predicted tides were used for zones HI46 and HI47. At Midway island, Sand Island (1619910) predicted tides were used for tide zone HI47. At Kauai Island, Nawiliwili (1611400) predicted tides were used for tide zones HI137, HI139, HI152, HI153, HI154, and HI155. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 2 to 3050 m. Concurrent mapping was done by the R/V AHI in water depths ranging from ~2-300 m with the data set being AHI-06-09; metadata for AHI-06-09 are submitted separately.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.General permit #2 for storm water discharges associated with industrial activity for Construction Activities in Iowa for the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) program.Guidelines for correct tsunami response and community preparedness from local emergency managers, first-responders, and leading experts on tsunami hazards and warnings.This file contains the DFIRM panel scheme polygons. The National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) data incorporates all Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map(DFIRM) databases published by FEMA, and any Letters Of Map Revision (LOMRs) that have been issued against those databases since their publication date. The DFIRM Database is the digital, geospatial version of the flood hazard information shown on the published paper Flood Insurance Rate Maps(FIRMs). The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The NFHL data are derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000. The NFHL data contain layers in the Standard DFIRM datasets except for S_Label_Pt and S_Label_Ld. The NFHL is available as State or US Territory data sets. Each State or Territory data set consists of all DFIRMs and corresponding LOMRs available on the publication date of the data set.Data provided by OSM and GeofabrikThe NOAA Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and change products for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats, on a one-to-five year repeat cycle. The timeframe for this metadata is reported as 2006-Era, but the actual dates of the Landsat imagery used to create the land cover may have been acquired a few years before or after each era. These maps are developed utilizing Landsat Thematic Mapper imagery, and can be used to track changes in the landscape through time. This trend information gives important feedback to managers on the success or failure of management policies and programs and aid in developing a scientific understanding of the Earth system and its response to natural and human-induced changes. This understanding allows for the prediction of impacts due to these changes and the assessment of their cumulative effects, helping coastal resource managers make more informed regional decisions. NOAA C-CAP is a contributing member to the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics consortium and C-CAP products are included as the coastal expression of land cover within the National Land Cover Database.CATalyst Search CATalyst - Diversity Peer Educators at the University of KentuckySCIAMACHYmC3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldPrograms, projects, laboratories, and publications related to geographic information science in the eastern United StatesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminants in airThis dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 1x1 meter cell size representing the rugosity of a portion of the Virgin Passage, a selected area of seafloor southwest of St. Thomas, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10. Rugosity was derived from this surface using NOAA?s Benthic Terrain Modeler extension. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A polygon layer showing the boundary of vegetated shingle sites. A GIS layer was generated in 2012 from paper maps from the 1993 JNCC report by Sneddon and Randall. As of April 1st 2013, all of the Countryside Council for Wales' (CCW) data is held and managed by Natural Resources Wales (NRW).The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during December 2013.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderDIVA-GIS has published Administrative Boundaries Level 0 in Liberia on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this state.The CLAVR-1 cloudmask (Stowe, 1999) is used to cloudmask AVHRR high resolution sea surface temperature products. The cloudmask runs a series of tests on each surface temperature pixel to determine whether the pixel is contaminated by cloud cover. Users may evaluate which specific tests in the cloudmask returned positive cloud presence results by examining the value of the cloudmask. This value corresponds to an 8 bit binary number which details which tests flagged the pixel as a cloudy pixel. See http://coastwatch.pfel.noaa.gov/info/CLAVR.html for more information regarding the specific tests used in the cloudmask.A series of pitfall traps were established along the riparian corridor of the lower eight-mile reach of Big Beaver Creek, North Cascades National Park Complex (NOCA), Washington, during the summers of 1995 and 1996. Arthropods are known to represent at least 85% of the biological diversity of all flora and fauna found in the H.J. Andrews Experimental Forest in western Oregon. One might expect similar diversity in NOCA. Twelve families of Hemiptera:Heteroptera are reported here from the 1995 and 1996 seasons. Twenty-four genera were recognized representing thirty-two species. Two families, the Miridae and Scutelleridae were mentioned but not treated as were the other species because the specimens of Miridae were in bad condition from the pitfall traps (they are very fragile) and the Scutelleridae (Eurygaster sp.) lacked adequate data. Most of the species were typical inhabitants of the riparian zone (e.g. the Anthocoridae, Lygaeidae, Nabidae, and Saldidae) whereas others in or on the water (e.g. Belostomatidae and Gerridae). A few species were surprises - Aradus orbiculus Van Duzee, a strongly brachypterous specimen, rare, and usually found under bark. Ceratocombus vagans (McAtee and Malloch) is one of the most primitive living Hemiptera:Heteroptera. It is very small (under 2mm) and is a predator in the litter layer in moist habitats. It is a widespread, chiefly boreal species. Stygnocoris sabulosus (Schilling) was the only non-indigenous bug species recovered from the study. It is a well-known European species known to feed on seeds. Barce fraterna banksii (Baker) is a wingless pirate bug and is a predator as are many of the species collected. The two species of Acalypta - A. lillianis (Torre-Bueno) and A. mera (Drake) are very typical moss inhabitants in Northwest forests, especially in clearings or open stands. More collecting indifferent locations and habitats will enhance our knowledge and add rapidly to our general knowledge base for NOCA. Much of interest lies ahead of us.geographical search engineThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 6 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of selected portions of seafloor around Tourmaline Bank in Puerto Rico, derived from data collected in 2008. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 2/25/08 to 3/8/08. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) in 2008. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and imported to ESRI ArcMap 9.2 using the Convert XYZ to Raster tool developed by CCMA for this purpose. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Frequently Asked Questions on jWork.ORG softwareIdaho Code 42-233 A Ground Water Management Area (GWMA) is all or part of a ground water basin that may be approaching the conditions of a CGMA. Applications for new water appropriations may be approved only after it is determined that sufficient supply is available and other prior water rights will not be injured. The Director may require reporting of water use by water users within the area." Idaho Department of Water Resources Open-File Report Ground Water Management Areas in Idaho: Overview as of 1998. Helen Harringtion, Shane Bendixsen.OpenStreetMap is a map of the world, created by people like you and free to use under an open license.The 1-second San Francisco Bay, California Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 1-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingThis georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.LibrePlanet (en)DSpace at My University DSpace at My University DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.HI No: HI 859; IPR Holder: Maritime and Coastguard Agency; Purpose: Safety of navigation; Category: Order 1; IHO Sea: Bristol Channel - 20; Survey Start: 1999-09-08; Survey End: 1999-09-17; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: DGPSWikimedia Foundation (en)These data represent the critical habitat for smalltooth sawfish (Pristis pectinatat) as designated by 74 FR 45353, September 2, 2009, Rules and Regulations.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ArcView shape file of roads administered by the Commissioner of Natural Resources to provide access to lands administered by the Division of Forestry. Most, but not all, of these are open to use by the public. Location on roads with PDOP attribute less than 8 was collected with a Trimble Pro XL/XR. If PDOP equals 50 position was digitized from DOQs. If PDOP equals 99 position was digitized from DOQs but accuracy may be worse than +/- 60 feet.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Department of Economics - University of OxfordAn artificial reef is a human-made underwater structure, typically built to promote marine life in areas with a generally featureless bottom, control erosion, block ship passage, or improve surfing. Many reefs are built using objects that were built for other purposes, for example by sinking oil rigs (through the Rigs-to-Reefs program), scuttling ships, or by deploying rubble or construction debris. Other artificial reefs are purpose built (e.g. the reef balls) from PVC or concrete. Shipwrecks may become artificial reefs when preserved on the sea floor. Regardless of construction method, artificial reefs generally provide hard surfaces where algae and invertebrates such as barnacles, corals, and oysters attach; the accumulation of attached marine life in turn provides intricate structure and food for assemblages of fish. This is NOT a complete collection of artificial reefs on the seafloor, nor are the locations to be considered exact. The presence and location of the artificial reefs have been derived from multiple state websites. These data are intended for coastal and ocean planning. Not for navigation.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of several RGB images that are collected by the CHARTS system. Individual images have been rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. An example file name is "2005_2007_NCMP_MA_002_RGB.tif". This file name convention is based on the year, project, area name, box number, and product type.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data contain shipboard temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, and chloropigments data collected in the Pacific Ocean in pelagic environments. Data are collected by an SBE system, and recorded and processed by the SEASOFT Win32 data acquisition and processing software.N/AOur 2008-11 data rescue and recovery efforts resulted in an efficient workflow process, database, and Web user interface for scientists and citizens to access archived environmental information not previously available to the public.Mine plants and operations for commodities monitored by the Minerals Information Team of the USGS. Operations included are those considered active in 2003 and surveyed by the USGS.The CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, andPrediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation aspart of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE) Program. The CLIMAP 18k bp sediment data files were compiled by Oregon State University, and include the work of several major institutions. The files contain micropaleontology in the form of faunal counts of diatoms, planktonic foraminifera, coccoliths, and radiolaria, as well as stratigraphy (percent fine, coarse, total carbonate, oxygen 18 and carbon 13), and geochemistry (percent opal, quartz, and organic carbon), and inferred sea surface temperatures for 635 ocean sediment cores. Data are primarily from the period 18,000 years bp to the present. Time data give upper and lower samples depths, technique, and C14 dates (for total sample, coarse fraction, and fine fraction). Age estimates are given in thousands of years with upper and lower age error estimates. In addition, each data records contains station information. The CLIMAP 18k data set is available for direct download via the NCDC Web server, where the most up to date and most completely documented version of the data set is maintained. The CLIMAP 18k data set was originally received by NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC), but was transferred to NOAA's National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) Paleoclimatology Group.Spring Arbor Digital Repository Spring Arbor Digital Repository DSpace repositoryFedoraProject (en)Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.Twenty-four 1.8 m diameter drop samples were taken in Hall's Lake in West Galveston Bay during May, 1990 on daylight flood tides. Over 3,000 fish, shrimp, and crabs were collected from about 39 taxa.South 40 Fitness, s40fitnessThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSEstimates of the tonnages and amounts of contained metal in undiscovered deposits, mineral deposit types.The final year of a multi-year effort to study Lophelia coral communities in the Gulf of Mexico is occurring on the TDI-Brooks research vessel, Brooks McCall, between July 12 and July 24, 2012. The mission Lophelia II 2012 will generate approximately 10 terabytes of high-definition video from the KRAKEN ROV. Surveys of coral density and depth distribution, fish counts surveys, and measurements of coral colonies for growth rate calculations will be conducted. Water samples, push cores, and coral specimens will be collected.Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Lisianki Island. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.The 2-minute Southcentral Alaska Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 2-minute resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingWMSOverview of USGS programs related to geomagnetism including observatories, data, program services, links to models, charts, and movies, program contacts, Intermagnet, Geomag, publications, and bibliographies.The Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunications System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP)and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT). The ISDM sends a copy of these data to the US NODC three times each week.The 1:625k DiGMap data covering the whole of the United Kingdom is available in this OGC WMS service for all uses - including commercial use subject to the conditions in the Access Constraints section and is being served as a contribution to the OneGeology initiative (www.onegeology.org). Separate bedrock geology and superficial deposits layers are available in this service. Layers available for bedrock are lithostratigraphy, age, and lithology. Layers available for superficial deposits layer are lithostratigraphy and lithology. For information about more of the British Geological Survey's maps that are available digitally please visit http://www.bgs.ac.uk/products/digitalmaps/digmapgb.htmlA field trip guidebook published in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the 1906 earthquake (revised 2010).Hydrologic data web page for the Water Resources Inventory Area 1 (WRIA 1) Watershed Management Project studying surface and ground water in the Nooksack watershed in northwest Washington. Links to environmental data and maps.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationInformation on earthquake activity, earthquake science, and earthquake hazard reduction with links to news reports, products and services, educational resources for teachers, glossary, and current U.S. earthquake activity map.WMSWMSA partnership between NASA and USGS to assure continuous satellite imaging of the earth's surface that was begun 40 years ago.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSUSGS water resources home page for Kansas with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and historical data on streamflow, ground and surface water, and water quality plus flood watch, drought watch, publications, and district news.Chemical, physical, profile and laboratory analysis oceanographic data were collected aboard the RYAN CHOUEST in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-09-23 to 2010-09-28 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, Semivolatile Organic Compounds, Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH), Volatile Organic Compounds, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, fluorescence, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, bottle, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). The analytical chemistry data are provisional and provide results of onshore laboratory analysis of water and sediment samples. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069080)Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderResidential Life, ResLifeGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Mobile Accessibility Task Force (en)UNC NC State Joint Department of Biomedical Engineering at Chapel Hill Raleigh, North CarolinaDictionary of terms associated with glaciology with brief definitions.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are defined before tabulation block delineation and numbering, but are clusters of blocks within the same census tract that have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, Census 2000 tabulation blocks 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within Census 2000 tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. Census 2000 BGs generally contained between 600 and 3,000 people, with an optimum size of 1,500 people. Most BGs were delineated by local participants in the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP). The Census Bureau delineated BGs only where the PSAP participant declined to delineate BGs or where the Census Bureau could not identify any local PSAP participant. A BG usually covers a contiguous area. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tract. Within the standard census geographic hierarchy, BGs never cross county or census tract boundaries, but may cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs coded 0 were intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. For Census 2000, rather than extending a census tract boundary into the Great Lakes or out to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit, the Census Bureau delineated some census tract boundaries along the shoreline or just offshore. The Census Bureau assigned a default census tract number of 0 and BG of 0 to these offshore, water-only areas not included in regularly numbered census tract areas.BPI Structures are derived from two scales of a focal mean analysis on bathymetry and slope. The grid is based on gridded (40 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Structures was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 12 classes in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Howland Island, Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.The greatest threat to the future of the Koloa maoli as a unique species is cross-breeding with the introduced Mallard duck. This type of threat is termed genetic extinction.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.The southeastern shrimp trawl fishery impacts commercial and recreational fishes. Several of these fisheries have been declared overfished, and incidental catch of these species must be reduced. This project addresses NMFS Goal 1 (Rebuild overfished marine fisheries) and NMFS Goal 2 (Maintain currently productive fisheries).Explore two million years of human historyThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset combines the work of several different projects to create a seamless data set for the contiguous United States. Data from four regional Gap Analysis Projects and the LANDFIRE project were combined to make this dataset. In the northwestern United States (Idaho, Oregon, Montana, Washington and Wyoming) data in this map came from the Northwest Gap Analysis Project. In the southwestern United States (Colorado, Arizona, Nevada, New Mexico, and Utah) data used in this map came from the Southwest Gap Analysis Project. The data for Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Virginia came from the Southeast Gap Analysis Project and the California data was generated by the updated California Gap land cover project. The Hawaii Gap Analysis project provided the data for Hawaii. In areas of the county (central U.S., Northeast, Alaska) that have not yet been covered by a regional Gap Analysis Project, data from the Landfire project was used. Similarities in the methods used by these projects made possible the combining of the data they derived into one seamless coverage. They all used multi-season satellite imagery (Landsat ETM+) from 1999-2001 in conjunction with digital elevation model (DEM) derived datasets (e.g. elevation, landform) to model natural and semi-natural vegetation. Vegetation classes were drawn from NatureServe's Ecological System Classification (Comer et al. 2003) or classes developed by the Hawaii Gap project. Additionally, all of the projects included land use classes that were employed to describe areas where natural vegetation has been altered. In many areas of the country these classes were derived from the National Land Cover Dataset (NLCD). For the majority of classes and, in most areas of the country, a decision tree classifier was used to discriminate ecological system types. In some areas of the country, more manual techniques were used to discriminate small patch systems and systems not distinguishable through topography. The data contains multiple levels of thematic detail. At the most detailed level natural vegetation is represented by NatureServe's Ecological System classification (or in Hawaii the Hawaii GAP classification). These most detailed classifications have been crosswalked to the five highest levels of the National Vegetation Classification (NVC), Class, Subclass, Formation, Division and Macrogroup. This crosswalk allows users to display and analyze the data at different levels of thematic resolution. Developed areas, or areas dominated by introduced species, timber harvest, or water are represented by other classes, collectively refered to as land use classes; these land use classes occur at each of the thematic levels. Raster data in both ArcGIS Grid and ERDAS Imagine format is available for download at http://gis1.usgs.gov/csas/gap/viewer/land_cover/Map.aspx Six layer files are included in the download packages to assist the user in displaying the data at each of the Thematic levels in ArcGIS. In adition to the raster datasets the data is available in Web Mapping Services (WMS) format for each of the six NVC classification levels (Class, Subclass, Formation, Division, Macrogroup, Ecological System) at the following links. http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Class_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Subclass_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Formation_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Division_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Macrogroup_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_Ecological_Systems_Landuse/MapServerSince the early 1990s the Global Historical Climatology Network-Monthly (GHCN-M) dataset has been an internationally recognized source of data for the study of observed variability and change in land surface temperature. It provides monthly mean temperature data for 7280 stations from 226 countries and territories, ongoing monthly updates of more than 2000 stations to support monitoring of current and evolving climate conditions, and homogeneity adjustments to remove non-climatic influences that can bias the observed temperature record. The release of version 3 monthly mean temperature data in 2011 introduced a number of improvements and changes from the previous release that included consolidating "duplicate" series, updating records from recent decades, and the use of new approaches to homogenization and quality assurance. The next version of GHCN-Monthly is expected to be released in 2015. Version 4 will contain more than 30,000 stations with monthly mean temperature data and improved quality control and bias correction processes.This data set includes data collected on October 16, 1999 and coastline in the State of Texas from Galveston to the Louisiana border. Laser beach mapping uses a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and coastal topography. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the beach at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying from the low water line to the landward base of the sand dunes.This dataset contains age-adjusted incidence rates for 26 malignancy/age group/gender combinations for the years 1999-2009. These data are stratified by year and county of residence.Access to real-time precipitation data for Illinois.The Biomonitoring of Environmental Status and Trends (BEST) program of the Department of Interior is focused to identify and understand effects of contaminant stressors on biological resources under their stewardship. In accordance with the desire of many to continuously monitor the environmental health of our estuaries, much can be learned by summarizing existing temporal, geographic, and phylogenetic contaminant information. To this end, retrospective contamiant exposure and effects data for amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals residing within 30 km. of the Atlantic, Gulf, Pacific, Alaskan, and Hawaiian coastal estuaries are being assembled through searches of published literature (e.g., Fish and Wildlife Review; BIOSIS) and databases (e.g., US EPA Ecological Incident Information System; USGS Diagnostic and Epizootic Databases), and compilation of summary data from unpublished reports of government natural resource agencies, private conservation groups, and universities. These contaminant vertebrates (CEE-TV) are being summarized using ACCESS in a 120 field format including species, collection time and site coordinates, sample matrix, contaminant concentration, biomarker and bioindicator responses, and source of information. This CEE-TV database (>11,000 records) has been imported into the ARC/INFO geographic information system (GIS), for purposes of examining geographic coverage and trends, and to identify critical data gaps. A preliminary risk assessment has been conducted to identify and characterize contaminants and other stressors potentially affecting terrestrial vertebrates that reside, migrate through or reproduce in these estuaries.Berkeley Initiative for Transparency in the Social Sciences Search Berkeley Initiative for Transparency in the Social Sciences -Links to hundreds of map layers of geospatial information listed by subjects for use with the National Atlas Map Maker to assemble, view, and print customized maps using one or more of the layers.Private Water District boundaries are areas where private contracts provide water to the district in California. This database is designed as a regions polygon database and is updated when sufficient number of changes have occured to warrant an update. Updates are determined by the needs of the local office. Separate databases are used for maintenance purposes. Boundaries are continually being updated as changes are identified by the Water Districts. The boundaries are not current for all WaterThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMS Service for RGIS dataset Eddy County 2010 Census Block Groups (64269684-9ae3-4ebc-ad82-82453008d81e)This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry. Optical data were collected by CRED TOAD camera sled aboard the NOAA ship Oscar Elton Sette on cruises OES 0307 and by the CRED-NWFSC SeaBED AUV during Oscar Elton Sette cruise SE1002.Earth to Sky: An Innovative Partnership between NASA and National Park ServiceGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWMSWMSBelt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 9 sites at Baker in the Pacific Remote Island Areas (PRIAs) during 15 January - 6 February 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0601) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.This image represents a 8 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, south of NE Reserve, offshore of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the in the Northeast Reserve from 4/04/2012 to 4/20/2012. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Fledermaus Geocoder Toolbox 7.3 software. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are ostensibly an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Messiah College, a Christian college in PAAtlassian Confluence Search ProviderUse MODAPS Dataset Search to obtain a list of Earth Science Data SetsGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesDatabase for the USGS Woods Hole Science Center&apos;s marine core sediment samples.Society for the Management of Electronic Biodivirsity Data (SMEBD)N/AWMSNRDC providerWMS Service for RGIS dataset National Park Boundaries (7bbe8af5-029b-4adf-b06c-134f0dd57226)IPR Holder: Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners Trust; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2002-08-30; Survey End: 2002-08-30; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: GPS;Crude oil spilled in coastal waters is a severe threat to the environment and can cause catastrophic consequence to the coastal ecological systems. Such an oil spill could be caused by accidents involving oil tankers or oil drilling platforms, such as the recent explosion of Deep Water Horizon (DWH) off the coast of Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico. In the event of such an accident, remote sensing imagery from both airborne and space-borne platforms are normally used to track and map the spread of oil slicks. The oil spectral reflectance features could be an important source for oil spill detection and mapping. Since hyperspectral imagery can provide detailed spectral information for the above purposes, hyperspectral remote sensing data have been collected since the DWH accident. Examples of the hyperspectral data include AVIRIS (airborne) and Hyperion (space-borne). Designed for more general purposes, such spectral resolution might not be optimal for oil detection in coastal waters in the current crisis. This paper describes the effort to evaluate a portable pushbroom prism-grating-prism imaging spectrometer to measure oil and coastal water at low flying altitude near the DWH accident site. The compact size of such a sensor allows for easy integration with other sensors on a single platform. The array size of the imaging spectrometers detector is 1600 x 1200. With a vertical binning of 4 in data acquisition, it can provide a spectral resolution of 2.6 nm with approximately 1m GSD. Several missions were flown in late July of 2010. Image data of possible oil and sheen was collected and their spectral signature was analyzed. The study found some red patches or red linear feature in the coastal water that were identified as oil that might be sargassum based on its reflectance spectra. These features could be mislabeled as oil slick during normal aerial survey missions. Hyperspectral images thus provide a useful way for oil slick detection and also to minimize false alarms. It is expected this study would provide detailed information to describe spectral characteristics of oil in coastal water and might lead to new sensor design/integration for oil leak detection and mapping in coastal waters.The CO-OPS Station Map has many features designed to provide a quick and easy way to find a CO-OPS station, and to view real-time observations as well as plot the last 48 hours of dataSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.search hackpadConcerted effort to monitor, analyze, and record sightings of non-native (introduced) aquatic species throughout the United States. Explains characteristics of the database that is compiled by this program.A bare-earth digital elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of a portion of the eastern Florida coastline was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of +/-15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .In 1975 the BRGM and CNEXO in France joined to create a national marine geological sampling center at the Centre Oceanologique de Bretagne in Brest. This center collects and stores samples of the sea bottom and subbottom from all over the world and makes them available to any person or institution interested in their study. A French national scientific commission defined the rules for collecting operating and using this facility. The commission consists of the representatives of the Ministry of Industry, industrial and oil firms, the main sea ports and Universities as well as of BRGM and CNEXO, which preside in turn every two years over the commission.BRGM is in charge of the management of the Center. Not only geological samples but also related data are stored such as geographical location, depth, weight and number or level, related studies, if any, etc. (the list of published studies is included). The samples and related data are identified by computer cards and are stored in computer files. After verification they are transferred to a data bank which integrates information from the lithotheque, phototheque and data collections for more complete processing. Institutions and persons interested in the cores may request the catalog of the already processed samples or may receive portions of samples for study following approval by the Commission. A copy of the lithotheque was transmitted to the World Data Center for Marine Geology and Geophysics, Boulder for distribution in 1985. More current information is available from BRGM. The data at the WDC (NGDC) include descriptions of approximately 25,000 samples.IPR Holder: Other - See INFORM; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2001-02-12; Survey End: 2001-02-12; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known; Information: Owned by Larne Harbour Authority;The regions onThis map represent areas with similar hydrogeologic characteristics thought to represent similar potentials for contamination of groundwater and/or water wells. The map was created from an unprecedented compilation and interpretation of primary geologic and soil data; compilation of interim Arc/Info coverages of bedrock aquifers/aquitards, thickness of Quaternary deposits, alluvial aquifers, sinkholes (centers of 400 meter radius circles), and agricultural drainage wells (centers of 400 meter radius circles); overlay techniques; and evaluation of groundwater contamination and well contamination data. This coverage is published in 1991 as the 1:500,000 scale, color map: Groundwater Vulnerability Regions of Iowa.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.Study of sources and resulting transport of radionuclides and other dissolved constituents in the surrounding ground water.A digital version of the Geologic Map of the United States, originally published at a scale of 1:2,500,000 (King and Beikman, 1974b). It excludes Alaska and Hawaii.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Utah Geological Survey has collected and evaluated information on the known and potential energy, mineral, and ground-water resources in Carbon and Emery Counties. This report provides information for use in both short- and longterm land-planning decisions, particularly at the county level, and an indication of the present and future economic impact of mineral and energy development. The report discusses eight major commodity groups: (1) oil and gas, (2) coal and coal resin, (3) coal-bed methane, (4) other energy resources (oil-impregnated rock, oil shale, geothermal), (5) uranium and vanadium, (6) metallic minerals, (7) industrial rocks and minerals, and (8) ground-water resources. In general, for each group or commodity within a group the following aspects are discussed: (1) known occurrences and characteristics, (2) past production and trends, (3) current production and exploration activity, and (4) geologic potential. Plates accompany each of the major commodity groups and show the locations of known resources and areas of geologic potential. In addition to the commodity discussions, the report contains a brief summary of land ownership status and concludes with a summary of commodities having the best potential for discovery and development.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.News and related information focusing on the hazards associated with hurricanes in the United States.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has generated land surface form classes for the contiguous United States. These land surface form classes were created as part of an effort to map standardized, terrestrial ecosystems for the nation using a classification developed by NatureServe (Comer and others, 2003). Ecosystem distributions were modeled using a biophysical stratification approach developed for South America (Sayre and others, 2008) and now being implemented globally (Sayre and others, 2007). Land surface forms strongly influence the differentiation and distribution of terrestrial ecosystems, and are one of the key input layers in the ecosystem delineation process. The methodology used to produce these land surface form classes was developed by the Missouri Resource Assessment Partnership (MoRAP). MoRAP made modifications to Hammond's (1964a, 1964b) land surface form classification, which allowed the use of 30-meter source data and a 1 km2 window for neighborhood analysis (True 2002, True and others, 2000). While Hammond's methodology was based on three variables, slope, local relief, and profile type, MoRAP's methodology uses only slope and local relief (True 2002). Slope is classified as gently sloping or not gently sloping using a slope threshold of 8%, local relief is classified into five classes (0-15m, 15-30m, 30-90m, 90-150m, and >150m), and eight landform classes (flat plains, smooth plains, irregular plains, escarpments, low hills, hills, breaks, and low mountains) were derived by combining slope class and local relief. The USGS implementation of the MoRAP methodology was executed using the USGS 30-meter National Elevation Dataset (NED) and an existing USGS slope dataset. In this implementation, a new land surface form class, the high mountains/deep canyons class, was identified by using an additional local relief class (> 400m). The drainage channels class was derived independently from the other land surface form classes. This class was derived using two of Andrew Weiss's slope position classes, "valley" and "lower slope" (Weiss 2001, Jenness 2006). The USGS implemented Weiss's algorithm using the 30-meter NED and a 1 km2 neighborhood analysis window. The resultant drainage channel class was combined into the final land surface forms dataset.Scholarship Repository Scholarship Repository DSpace repositorypowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationOverview of a project to evaluate existing methods used by Virginia Dept. of Transportation to estimate flood hydrographs from small drainage basins, and evaluate the use of dimensionless hydrographs to estimate runoff volumes.This dataset is a subset of the dataset titled ALL CULTRAL POINTS, created by the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Combinations of all of the cultural features are plotted when updating county and city maps in the Mapping Section at the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation DepartmentGiven the location of the critical areas of erosion and the need to avoid adverse impacts to local sensitive habitat, the Southern Monterey Bay Coastal RSM Plan recommends that the coastal area between Wharf II in Monterey to Marina be considered as potential receiver site locations for both subaerial beach and nearshore sand placement. For the latter, the area between the Monterey Beach Resort and the Ocean Harbor House condominiums is considered suitable for three main reasons: The net alongshore sediment transport rate is low and to the north, but the gross transport rate is high in both northerly and southerly directions. This location is fairly central to the southern bight and would allow the sand to be transported most effectively along the whole shoreline. Sand placed at a location further to the north would be unlikely to disperse sufficiently to cover critical areas of erosion towards Monterey Harbor given the overall net transport to the north, and placement further to the south would be too close to the sensitive habitat located offshore. This location is far enough away from the sensitive kelp, eelgrass and rocky reef habitat so as not to cause disturbance through sedimentation or turbidity during construction and post-construction phases of the project. The location is relatively close to a potential stockpile area proposed at Fort Ord where inland sediments, if they become available, could be placed temporarily until a beach nourishment maintenance-style project could be developed. Road access to the location is available. Beach nourishment would occur within the Cities of Sand City, Seaside, and Monterey. The shapefile showing this location was compiled by PWA as a recommendation in the Southern Monterey Bay Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan (AMBAG, 2008).Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesNOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.New synoptic data from samples collected in the Arctic Ocean and insights into the patterns and extent of ocean acidification. This foundational geochemical information will help us to understand potential risks to Arctic resources.The Continental U.S. Hurricane Strikes Poster is our most popular poster which is updated annually. The poster includes all hurricanes that affected the U.S. since 1950 with hurricane force winds, although some did not necessarily make landfall. This 32"x34" glossy poster will give you a quick look of the location and strength of each hurricane which struck the continental Unites States. The map includes the name, category strength, year, and approximate strike location of each hurricane.e-Learning Documentation (en)This summer, an interdisciplinary scientific team spent 9 days aboard the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution's research vessel Atlantis II and used the deep-sea manned submersible Alvin to explore three volcanic seamounts in the New England Seamount chain (Bear, Kelvin, and Manning seamounts). This diverse group of explorers included a scientific complement of ichthyologists, geneticists, reproductive biologists, oceanographers, and a hydrographer, along with educators, program managers, two journalists, several graduate students, and even a scientific illustrator. Because of their isolation, seamounts act as an oasis in an otherwise barren landscape, and are known to harbor species found nowhere else. Since most seamounts in the New England chain have never been explored scientifically, there was great potential for new discoveries during this expedition.We estimated mean volumes of 487 million barrels of oil, 9.8 trillion cubic feet of gas, and 408 million barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.This dataset consists of Level III weather radar products collected from Next-Generation Radar (NEXRAD) stations located in the contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. territories and at military base sites. NEXRAD is a network of 160 high-resolution Doppler weather radars operated by the NOAA National Weather Service (NWS), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and the U.S. Air Force (USAF). Doppler radars detect atmospheric precipitation and winds, which allow scientists to track and anticipate weather events, such as rain, ice pellets, snow, hail, and tornadoes, as well as some non-weather objects like birds and insects. NEXRAD stations use the Weather Surveillance Radar - 1988, Doppler (WSR-88D) system. This is a 10 cm wavelength (S-Band) radar that operates at a frequency between 2,700 and 3,000 MHz. The radar system operates in two basic modes: a slow-scanning Clear Air Mode (Mode B) for analyzing air movements when there is little or no precipitation activity in the area, and a Precipitation Mode (Mode A) with a faster scan for tracking active weather. The two modes employ nine Volume Coverage Patterns (VCPs) to adequately sample the atmosphere based on weather conditions. A VCP is a series of 360 degree sweeps of the antenna at pre-determined elevation angles and pulse repetition frequencies completed in a specified period of time. The radar scan times 4.5, 5, 6 or 10 minutes depending on the selected VCP. During 2008, the WSR-88D radars were upgraded to produce increased spatial resolution data, called Super Resolution. The earlier Legacy Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 1 km range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 230 km. The upgraded Super Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 300 km. Super resolution makes a compromise of slightly decreased noise reduction for a large gain in resolution. In 2010, the deployment of the Dual Polarization (Dual Pol) capability to NEXRAD sites began with the first operational Dual Pol radar in May 2011. Dual Pol radar capability adds vertical polarization to the previous horizontal radar waves, in order to more accurately discern the return signal. This allows the radar to better distinguish between types of precipitation (e.g., rain, hail and snow), improves rainfall estimates, improves data retrieval in mountainous terrain, and aids in removal of non-weather artifacts. The NEXRAD products are divided in two data processing levels. The lower Level II data are base products at original resolution. Level II data are recorded at all NWS and most USAF and FAA WSR-88D sites. From the Level II quantities, computer processing generates numerous meteorological analysis Level III products. The Level III data consists of reduced resolution, low-bandwidth, base products as well as many derived, post-processed products. Level III products are recorded at most U.S. sites, though non-US sites do not have Level III products. There are over 40 Level III products available from the NCDC. General products for Level III include the base and composite reflectivity, storm relative velocity, vertical integrated liquid, echo tops and VAD wind profile. Precipitation products for Level III include estimated ground accumulated rainfall amounts for one and three hour periods, storm totals, and digital arrays. Estimates are based on reflectivity to rainfall rate (Z-R) relationships. Overlay products for Level III are alphanumeric data that give detailed information on certain parameters for an identified storm cell. These include storm structure, hail index, mesocyclone identification, tornadic vortex signature, and storm tracking information. Radar messages for Level III are sent by the radar site to users in order to know more about the radar status and special product data. NEXRAD data are provided to the NOAA National Climatic Data Center for archiving and dissemination to users. Data coverage varies by station and ranges from May 1992 to 1 day from present. Most stations began observing in the mid-1990s, and most period of records are continuous.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Scientists from the Midwater Assessment and Conservation Engineering (MACE) Program of the Alaska Fisheries Science Center (AFSC) have conducted summer surveys to estimate the abundance and distribution of walleye pollock (Theragra chalcogramma) on the eastern Bering Sea (EBS) shelf since 1979. Surveys have been conducted either annually or biennially since 1994. The 2012 acoustic-trawl (AT) survey was carried out between 7 June and 10 August aboard the NOAA ship Oscar Dyson. Its primary objective was to collect acoustic and trawl information to estimate walleye pollock midwater abundance and distribution on the U.S. and Russian Bering Sea shelf. Additional survey sampling included conductivity-temperature-depth (CTD) and expendable bathythermograph (XBT) casts to characterize the Bering Sea shelf physical environment, and supplemental trawls to improve acoustic species classification and to obtain an index of euphausiid abundance using multiple frequency techniques. A number of specialized sampling devices were used during the survey, including light level sensors; a Simrad ME70 multibeam sonar to image fish schools; an 83-112 bottom trawl modified to sample fish in midwater; a trawl-mounted stereo camera ("Cam-Trawl") designed to identify species and determine size and density of animals as they pass by the camera during a haul, and a small, bottom-moored, trigger camera system to autonomously collect images of fish on the seafloor.WFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census Block Group State-based (715663ba-c1c3-414c-84a7-c671526f8316)Postcard available for downloading and printing.To support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 25 May - 09 June 2007, line point intercept (LPI) surveys of benthic parameter assessments were conducted, as a part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0703 in the Marianas Archipelago at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). During the cruise, 3 REA sites were surveyed at Asuncion Island in the Marianas Archipelago. At the specific REA sites, coral biologists along with algal biologists, marine invertebrate zoologist, and fish biologists entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~300 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution REA survey to assess and monitor species composition, abundance, percent cover, size distribution, diversity, and general health of fish, corals, macro-invertebrates, and algae in shallow-water (< 35 m) habitats. As a part of REA surveys, the line point intercept surveys were used to quantitatively assess average percent live coral cover and other benthic substrates at REA sites. The surveys were conducted along two consecutively-placed 25m transect lines by a coral biologist. All benthic elements falling directly underneath the transect line at 20-cm to 50-cm intervals were recorded as one of nine benthic categories: live coral, dead coral, carbonate pavement, encrusting coralline algae, macroalgae, coral rubble, sand, rock, and other benthic sessile invertebrates. All living benthic elements (e.g., coral, algae, and other invertebrates) were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible. These data provide the basis for computing quantitative estimates of percent live coral cover, as well as percent cover of the different benthic constituents.This coverage includes arcs, polygons, and polygon labels that describe the generalized geologic age of surface outcrops of bedrock of Europe including Turkey (Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom and Vatican City.) It also includes shorelines and inland water bodies.U.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior - The annual National Map Corps Volunteered Geographic Information (VGI) structures acquisition plan is to add new structures data and remove or edit obsolete structures data points over the United States. The FY15 acquisition plan allows data contributions by volunteers for all 50 states. Interested parties who wish to become a volunteer data acquisition partner with the USGS in FY15 or in future years should contact a USGS Geospatial Liaison - http://liaisons.usgs.gov/geospatial/documents/TNM_Partnership_User_ContactList.pdf. To find out more about the National Map Corps VGI structures program go to https://my.usgs.gov/confluence/display/nationalmapcorps/Home.1. Conduct in-situ incubations with devices for microbial growth, deployed in 2011. 2. Investigate the fate of dissolved hydrocarbons in the waters along the CA margin. 3. Investigate the variability in composition of seeping hydrocarbons at sites along the CA margin. 4. Investigate the distribution and nature of hydrocarbon seepage and biodegradation along the CA margin. 5. Identify and map hydrocarbon/tar sources and related features along the CA margin. 6. Identify, map and sample microbes and chemicals associated with historical waste disposal practices. 7. Conduct sampling for additional in-situ incubations.Dataset consists of two-dimensional marine seismic reflection profile data from the San Francisco Bay area. These data were acquired in 1997, with the vessel Davidt Johnston. The USGS identifier for these data is J497SF. For more information on the seismic surveys see http://walrus.wr.usgs.gov/infobank/j/j497sf/html/j-4-97-sf.meta.html These data are also available via GeoMapApp (http://www.geomapapp.org/) and Virtual Ocean ( http://www.virtualocean.org/) earth science exploration and visualization applications.The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on the latest available governmental unit boundaries. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. This shapefile represents a subset of the 2006 TIGER dataset. It shows the American Indian Tribal Subdivision areas that fall within San Juan County, NM from the 2000 Census data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This file is based on the OCS Marine Survey Group Official Protraction Diagram (OPD). Each offshore area is defined by an API Number corresponding to those in the API Bulletin Number D12A. OPDs are numbered using the United Nations International Map of the World Numbering System, and are generally named for land or hydrographic features contained within the limits of the diagram. This data set contains Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) outlines in ESRI Arc/Info export and Arc/View shape file formats for the BOEM Gulf of Mexico Region. The use of OPDs makes it easier to refer to individual blocks within a region or planning area. These OPD diagrams were clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along lines contained in the Continental Shelf Boundaries (CSB) GIS data files to show only those blocks or portions thereof within federal jurisdiction. Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact OPD boundaries. Only the paper OPD or a digital image of them serves as OFFICIAL records.Official Protraction Diagrams and other cadastre information the BOEM produces are generated in accordance with 30 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) 256.8 to support Federal land ownership and mineral resource management. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/uploadedFiles/BOEM/Oil_and_Gas_Energy_Program/Mapping_and_Data/99-0006.pdfBecause GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles cannot represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions. Contains the protraction polygons clipped on the fedstate (SLA-Boundary) as of March 15, 2013. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files. Shape files put at \\\\\\\\imsnolna04\\\\le\\\\shared\\\\GISPublicInfo.U.S. 15 Minute Precipitation Data is digital data set DSI-3260, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). This is precipitation data. The primary source of data for this file is approximately 2,000 mostly U.S. weather stations operated or managed by the U.S. National Weather Service. Stations are primary, secondary, or cooperative observer sites that have the capability to measure precipitation at 15 minute intervals. This dataset contains 15-minute precipitation data (reported 4 times per hour, if precip occurs) for U.S. stations along with selected non-U.S. stations in U.S. territories and associated nations. It includes major city locations and many small town locations. Daily total precipitation is also included as part of the data record. NCDC has in archive data from most states as far back as 1970 or 1971, and continuing to the present day. The major parameter is precipitation amounts at 15 minute intervals, when precipitation actually occurs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 2x2 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of the 2011 biogeographic assessment of the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in March 2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI from 03/28/2011 to 04/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (400 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 20 north, NAD83 datum. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. The CARIS Export option "BASE Surface to Image" was then used to create a GeoTiff of the priority areas. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRIs Spatial Analyst extension.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We estimated a mean of 214 million barrels of oil, 4.65 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 24 million barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.Drilling-density cell maps show the number of wells that have been drilled into the storage assessment unit (SAU). Each 1-square-mile cell has a count for the number of unique well boreholes drilled into the SAU. For a given sedimentary basin, the USGS National Geologic CO2 Sequestration Assessment Project identifies SAUs containing the potential for storage and sequestration of carbon dioxide. Proprietary well header data from IHS ENERDEQ through 2010 were queried to determine which wells were drilled into specific SAUs. The coordinates of wells are proprietary and cannot be released; however, counts of the number of wells per square mile are presented in the well drilling density data layer.Search the George Mason University directory.These are Rights-of-Ways (ROW) on Idaho BLM land (and some other Federal agency land) as shown on Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Master Title Plats (MTP). Every GIS ROW feature has a "CASEFILE" value, also known as the serial number of the ROW. This corresponds to the LR2000 database, which is a national BLM database for federal lands information. This GIS ROW feature class can be joined or related to exported information from LR2000 using the "CASEFILE" (GIS) and "SERIAL_NR_FULL" (LR2000) fields. NOTE: the LR2000 information is only available to internal BLM users and is not available to the public as it contains sensitive information. This ROW data for any given area may not be complete due to new ROW activity or because of missed or coincident ROW features during the initial data creation. It is recommended that a thorough inventory of all ROWs in a specific project area be obtained (an LR2000 report can provide this) and the GIS ROW data be checked before using this data for projects needing utmost ROW accuracy. The ROW data that was digitized is what was present on the MTP at the time of the digitizing done for that township. The project was performed over several years. Therefore, the "early" townships digitized are more out of date regarding ROWs compared to the ones more recently digitized. Unfortunately, there is no attribute that indicates the digitizing sequence. Any updates to this ROW feature class should be sent to the BLM Idaho State Office GIS staff for incorporation into the statewide GIS ROW feature classes for improvement over time.WMSA comprehensive database of Alaskan mineral deposits compiled from the published literature and from unpublished reports and data from industry, the US Bureau of Land Management, and USGS.Results from historical (1855-2005) shoreline change analysis demonstrate that tropical cyclone frequency dominates the long-term evolution of this barrier-island arc.Search the Debian website.In 2008, the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary (MNMS) commenced a multiyear project focusing on shipwreck sites associated with the Battle of the Atlantic. During WWII, this was the closest theater of war to the continental United States. Directly off the coast of North Carolina remains a collection of nearly 200 shipwrecks from one of the most significant battles in one of the most historic wars in world history. In previous years, MNMS and partners have collected data and completed archaeological surveys of four sites. Additionally, with OER support, the 2009 field season conducted a multibeam sonar and ROV survey to discover and document previously unknown deep-water shipwrecks. Several targets were identified, which would benefit from more detailed characterization using advanced imaging technology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSWMS Service for RGIS dataset RACE ETHNICITY Percent Persons by Race COS 2000 (81f27eca-4df7-4d77-825d-1b96e8e3c3e8)Search Ensembl genome browser - All speciesSearch MembersAll about the X10 language.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Puerto Rico relative erosion rate by land cover type (1990)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.To support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 5 April - 14 April 2009, belt transect surveys of coral population and diseases quantitative assessments were conducted, as a part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0902 in the Marianas Archipelago at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). During the cruise, there were 13 surveys in total conducted at REA sites around Rota Island in the Marianas Archipelago. At the specific REA sites, coral biologists along with fish biologists, algal biologists and marine invertebrate zoologist entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~300 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution REA survey to assess and monitor species composition, abundance, percent cover, size distribution, diversity, and general health of fish, corals, macro-invertebrates, and algae in shallow-water (< 35 m) habitats. As a part of REA surveys, the coral belt surveys were focused on quantifying the diversity, abundance, density, and size-class distribution of the anthozoan and hydrozoan corals as well as the condition and health state of the coral reef populations. The surveys were conducted along two consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines. The belt width was dictated at the beginning of each dive by subjective perceived colony density: 1-m width was used in high density areas, while 2-m width was used in low density areas. Within each 25m transect, five 2.5-meter segments were surveyed (beginning at points: 0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 meters), whereby in each segment, all coral colonies whose center fell within 0.5m of either side of the transect line were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible (genus or species) and two planar size metrics were collected: maximum diameter and diameter perpendicular to the maximum diameter. In addition, the extent of mortality, both recent and old, was estimated for each colony. Observers paid special attention to identifying as best as possible the extent of the former live colony. When a coral colony exhibited signs of disease or compromised health, additional information was recorded including type of affliction (bleaching, skeletal growth anomaly, white syndrome, tissue loss other than white syndrome, trematodiasis, necrosis, other, pigmentation responses, algal overgrowth, and predation), severity of the affliction (mild, moderate, marked, severe, acute), as well as photographic documentation and sometimes tissue samples. Tissue samples were catalogued and fixed in buffered zinc-formalin solution for further histopathological analyses. Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts per taxon, size (width and length), mortality, predation, and health status. A surveyed area was ranging from 10m2 to 25m2 per site.Physical, chemical, and temperature profile data were collected using bottle casts, plankton net, fluorometer, and meteorological sensors. Data were collected from GASCOYNE, CHIU LIEN, BOCAS DE CENIZA, A. AGASSIZ, CORIOLIS, and JEAN CHARCOT in the Mediterranean Sea and Pacific Ocean. Data were collected by Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue Project (GODAR).In collaboration with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration?s (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration (OE), the Institute for Exploration (IFE) requests funding to undertake a comparative assessment of the archaeological and biological changes that have occurred at the RMS Titanic wreck site between 1985, the year of its discovery, and the present. As a follow-up to the expedition mounted by OE in June 2003, this field program, with Dr. Robert Ballard and colleagues from OE and other institutions, proposes to re-survey the wreck using state-of-the-art imagery and communications equipment and to broadcast the data real-time via their Inner Space technology. This updated research will help to better determine the wreck?s rate of degradation, produce the first ever comprehensive map of the entire wreck site, and actively engage the public with live video and communication links via the Internet. IFE plans to use its tandem ROV team of Argus and Little Hercules to provide an accurate high-definition map of the wreck site with video imagery. The pair was effectively used in NOAA?s Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary in 2002, where they used high-definition imagery to visually survey more than a dozen wrecks in Lake Huron. IFE will incorporate new methods and technology recently used in their successful Black Sea 2003 Expedition to accurately map the area and coordinate with satellite facilities to transmit the data. Both vehicles will be modified to operate in deep water. In addition, another ROV, Hercules, which was designed explicitly for deep-water archaeological site mapping, can also be modified for biological sampling and precision mapping at the depths of Titanic. Also joining the cruise will be marine biologists, who will continue to conduct rusticle research and bacterial experiments to determine whether or not the current level of microbial activity is the leading cause of the wreck?s degradation. These investigations have proven directly useful to other deep-sea experiments throughout the world, namely marine construction projects and pharmaceutical research.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NWSidebar Search NWSidebar - The voices of Washington s lawyers and legal communityBetween February and August 2012, a team of NOAA and external partners will conduct a mapping blitz focused on deepwater canyons off the northeastern seaboard. In preparation for this series of Atlantic Canyons Undersea Mapping Expeditions (ACUMEN), a team of NOAA and non-NOAA partners identified priority frontier areas along the continental shelf and slope. In total, five expeditions will gather baseline information to support science and management needs. The expeditions will highlight the complementary capabilities of three NOAA ships: Okeanos Explorer, Ferdinand R. Hassler, Henry B. Bigelow and the Nancy Foster for a NOAA-BOEM project. NOAA Partners include: the Office of Ocean Exploration and Research (OER), Office of Coast Survey (OCS), National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) Northeast Fisheries Science Center and Office of Habitat Conservation, and the NESDIS/NODC National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). External partners include: Virginia Sea Grant; Mid-Atlantic Regional Council on the Ocean: New York Department of State and Virginia Coastal Zone Management Program; Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution; and Cooperative Institute for the North Atlantic Region. Key partners in the NOAA-BOEM project include USGS, Continental Shelf Associates, University of North Carolina-Wilmington, and the Marine Conservation Institute.Report on problems in preserving coral reef ecosystems with links to information on the interagency U.S. Coral Reef Task Force, press releases, reports, and NOAA coral reef sites.American Anthropological Association Search American Anthropological Association - Conversations in AnthropologyThe once-a-decade decennial census was conducted in April 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. This count of every resident in the United States was mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution and all households in the U.S. and individuals living in group quarters were required by law to respond to the 2010 Census questionnaire. The data collected by the decennial census determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities. The questionnaire consisted of a limited number of questions but allowed for the collection of information on the number of people in the household and their relationship to the householder, an individual's age, sex, race and Hispanic ethnicity, the number of housing units and whether those units are owner- or renter-occupied, or vacant. Results for sub-state geographic areas in New Mexico were released in a series of data products. These data come from Summary File 1 (SF-1). The geographic coverage for SF-1 includes the state, counties, places (both incorporated and unincorporated communities), tribal lands, school districts, census tracts, block groups and blocks, among others. Table DC10_00857 is for Valencia County and all census blocks in the county. The table shows average household size for all occupied housing units combined and for owner- and renter-occupied housing units. This file, along with file descriptions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NODC Accession 0115195 includes biological and fish examination data collected aboard the JOHN N. COBB during cruises SECM, jc0009, jc0012, jc0016, jc0018, jc0105, jc0109, jc0113, jc0116, jc0118, jc0209, jc0213, jc0216, jc0304b, jc0305, jc0308, jc0310, jc0312, jc0406, jc0408, jc0411, jc0414, jc0508, jc0510, jc0512, jc0608, jc0611, jc0613, jc0616, jc9706, jc9709, jc9711, jc9714, jc9717, jc9805, jc9808, jc9811, jc9815, jc9818, jc9906, jc9909, jc9912, jc9915 and jc9918 in the Coastal Waters of SE Alaska, Gulf of Alaska and North Pacific Ocean from 1997-05-21 to 2006-08-20. These data include HABITAT and SPECIES IDENTIFICATION. The instruments used to collect these data include thermosalinographs, CTD, radiometer and trawl. These data were collected by Alex C Wertheimer, Emily A Fergusson, Joseph A Orsi and Molly V Sturdevant of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Alaska Fisheries Science Center as part of NEP. The Biological and Chemical Oceanography Data Management Office (BCO-DMO) submitted these data to NODC on 2013-10-31. The following is the text of the abstract provided by BCO-DMO: This coastal monitoring study in the northern region of southeastern Alaska, known as the Southeast Coastal Monitoring Project (SECM), was initiated in 1997 and repeated from 1998 to 2006 (Orsi et al. 1997, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002) to develop our understanding of the relationships between annual time series of biophysical data and stock-specific information. Data was collected in conjunction with juvenile salmon studies in the Gulf of Alaska from 1997-2006 by the Southeast Coastal Monitoring Project.Shallow-water, aggregated cover maps were produced by combining as many as four or more detailed habitat types into general cover categories. The original detailed habitat maps were produced by rule-based, semi-automated image analysis of high-resolution satellite imagery for nine locations in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. This project is a cooperative effort among the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, State of Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force.pkgdb Web OpenSearch Search Fedora Package DatabaseWe estimated undiscovered, technically recoverable resources are 534 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 323 thousand barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Bibliography of linked and cross-referenced publications and products on Louisiana water resources searchable by geographic region, subject, parish, and author.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Map of Pleistocene pluvial lakes in the western Great Basin (Nevada, eastern California, southern Oregon). Includes metadata, online PDF map view, and downloadable ArcInfo export files, ArcView shapefiles, and TIFF files.Description of what Digital Orthophoto Quadrangles are and how to obtain them plus information on the DOQ program, points of contact, DOQ status graphic, examples of DOQs, and free data viewer software.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Snakeheads, aggressive airbreathing freshwater fishes that are not native to North America, are considered injurious to certain native North American fish and other aquatic wildlife.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all fishing vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from fishing vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.Temperature profile data were collected using moored buoy, profiling floats, and XBT casts in a world wide distribution from 01 December 1999 to 31 January 2000. Data were collected and submitted by Department of Fisheries and Oceans; Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) with support from Gulf of Mexico NOAA / NMFS Ship of Opportunity (SOOP), Tropical Ocean Global Atmosphere (TOGA), World Ocean Circulation Experiment (WOCE), and Global Temperature-Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP).This file contains the base flood elevation lines on the printed digital flood insurance map. The National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) data incorporates all Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map(DFIRM) databases published by FEMA, and any Letters Of Map Revision (LOMRs) that have been issued against those databases since their publication date. The DFIRM Database is the digital, geospatial version of the flood hazard information shown on the published paper Flood Insurance Rate Maps(FIRMs). The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The NFHL data are derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000. The NFHL data contain layers in the Standard DFIRM datasets except for S_Label_Pt and S_Label_Ld. The NFHL is available as State or US Territory data sets. Each State or Territory data set consists of all DFIRMs and corresponding LOMRs available on the publication date of the data set.Geochemical, geological, geophysical, mineral, and general reference spatial datasets that users can locate and download.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The on-line version of Cross-Bedding, Bedforms, and Paleocurrents, with computer images, photographic images, and text.Temperature profile, nutrients, and meteorological data were collected using bottle casts from the AKHILL and other platforms in the Barents Sea. Data were collected from 19 September 1959 to 28 November 1992. Data were collected and submitted by ECHOSHELF with support from the Data Archaeology / Rescue.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Information on sediment-hosted zinc lead deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, a general classification based on geologic setting, mineralogy, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.This is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.Real-time and historic data from gaging stations for water and mudflow detection in the Mount St. Helens, WA vicinity with data tables and plots, interactive location map and station descriptions.The Ecological Investigations of Petroleum Production Platforms in the Central Gulf of Mexico Project was conducted by Texas A and M University under contract to NOAA and the Bureau of Land Management under the BLM/OCS Outer Continental Shelf Program. Grain size analyses were produced for 1654 samples collected from May 22, 1978 through January 15, 1979 by the ships Sea Transporter and T-Kip IV in the central Gulf of Mexico. Analyses were contributed in the historic 073 format. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Fact sheet on hazards from earthquakes and tsunamis in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to be downloaded as a PDF file or viewed as an Adobe Acrobat Reader file.WMSAbertay Research Collections Abertay Research Collections DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to PDF version of the field guide.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The vegetation digital surface models (veg_DSM) represent the above ground elevation of the highest laser return with all vegetation greater than 20 cm above the ground included.WMSThe Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunicatons System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP) and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT).In 1983, President Ronald Reagan signed a Proclamation establishing the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) of the United States extending its territory 200 nautical miles from the coasts of the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, and other U.S. territories and possessions. The charter of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) places the primary responsibility for mapping the territories of the United States within the USGS. Upon declaration of the EEZ, the territory of the United States was enlarged by more than 13 million square kilometers, all of which are under water. The USGS EEZ-SCAN program to systematically map the EEZ began in 1984 and continued through 1991.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set shows Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation managed areas (State Parks) and units within those State Parks. The dataset is point data that only shows the location of the parks, not the actual park boundaries. This dataset does not contain the Coeur d' Alene Parkway or Trail of the Coeur d' Alenes.ArcIMS Web Map Service: USGS_EDC_Antarctic_Data_20The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. For this dataset, the true color orthoimages were produced at One Foot GSD.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on aquatic ecosystemsThe National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of precipitation probabilities. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of precipitation probabilities, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.Explains history and structure of this unusual geologic feature.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Repository for Texas AM University of Galveston Repository for Texas AM University of Galveston DSpace repositorySIWI - web search Make a search on SIWI.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Between February and August 2012, a team of NOAA and external partners will conduct a mapping blitz focused on deepwater canyons off the northeastern seaboard. In preparation for this series of Atlantic Canyons Undersea Mapping Expeditions (ACUMEN), a team of NOAA and non-NOAA partners identified priority frontier areas along the continental shelf and slope. In total, five expeditions will gather baseline information to support science and management needs. The expeditions will highlight the complementary capabilities of three NOAA ships: Okeanos Explorer, Ferdinand R. Hassler, Henry B. Bigelow and the Nancy Foster for a NOAA-BOEM project. NOAA Partners include: the Office of Ocean Exploration and Research (OER), Office of Coast Survey (OCS), National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) Northeast Fisheries Science Center and Office of Habitat Conservation, and the NESDIS/NODC National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). External partners include: Virginia Sea Grant; Mid-Atlantic Regional Council on the Ocean: New York Department of State and Virginia Coastal Zone Management Program; Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution; and Cooperative Institute for the North Atlantic Region. Key partners in the NOAA-BOEM project include USGS, Continental Shelf Associates, University of North Carolina-Wilmington, and the Marine Conservation Institute.Pepperdine Emergency Information Search Pepperdine Emergency Information -NOAA is responsible for depicting on its nautical charts the limits of the 12 nautical mile Territorial Sea, 24 nautical mile Contiguous Zone, and 200 nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). The outer limit of each of these zones is measured from the U.S. normal baseline, which coincides with the low water line depicted on NOAA charts and includes closing lines across the entrances of legal bays and rivers, consistent with international law. The U.S. baseline and associated maritime limits are reviewed and approved through the interagency U.S. Baseline Committee, which is chaired by the U.S. Department of State. The Committee serves the function of gaining interagency consensus on the proper location of the baseline using the provisions of the 1958 Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone, to ensure that the seaward extent of U.S. maritime zones do not exceed the breadth that is permitted by international law. In 2002 and in response to mounting requests for digital maritime zones, NOAA launched a project to re-evaluate the U.S. baseline in partnership with other federal agencies via the U.S. Baseline Committee. The focus of the baseline evaluation was NOAA's largest scale, most recent edition nautical charts as well as supplemental source materials for verification of certain charted features. This dataset is a result of the 2002-present initiative and reflects a multi-year iterative project whereby the baseline and associated maritime limits were re-evaluated on a state or regional basis. In addition to the U.S. maritime limits, the U.S. maritime boundaries with opposite or adjacent countries as well as the US/Canada International Boundary (on land and through the Great Lakes) are also included in this dataset.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES). In 2005, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) received a complete extract of prime scientific data from the ODP JANUS relational database for permanent archival at NGDC. Data include all of the digital sediment, and hard-rock data collected on all legs of the program stored in the JANUS database as of December 2005. Data types include: 1) Bulk density estimation by gamma-ray attenuation densiometry (gra), 2) Carbon carbonate (carb), 3) Discrete p-wave velocity (pws1, pws2, pws3), 4) Downhole temperature (temp), 5) Gas chromatography (gas), 6) Inductively coupled plasma - atomic emission spectrometry (icp-aes), 7) Interstitial water (iw), 8) Magnetic susceptibility (msl), 9) Moisture and density (mad), 10) Natural gamma radiation (ngr), 11) Palemagnetism (pmag), 12) P-wave velocity logger (pwl), 13) Reflectance spectrophotometry and colorimetry (rsc), 14) Rock evaluation (re), 15) Shear strength (avs, pen, tor), 16) Thermal conductivity (tcon), 17) X-ray diffraction (xrd), and 18) X-ray fluorescence spectrometry (xrf). In 2007, NGDC received a complete copy of digital core photographs and closeup core photographs as high-resolution TIFF images from IODP for the ODP cores. Additional scanned microphotographs, photographs, and descriptive data were received in 2013. The photos are archived and available on request, but not offered online due to their volume. The data and images described above are distinct from the former data for ODP legs 101-129 published by NGDC on CDROM in both content and format.Major US airport weather stations monthly and annual publication containing station daily maximum and minimum temperatures, precipitation amounts, and monthly summaries for heating and cooling degree days. Some stations provide daily snowfall, snow depth, evaporation, and soil temperature data. The annual issue contains monthly and annual averages of temperature, precipitation amounts, temperature extremes, freeze data, soil temperatures, evaporation, and a recap of monthly cooling degree days.NOAA Abandoned Vessel Project Data for Saipan. Abandoned vessels pose a significant threat to the NOAA Trust resources through physical destruction of coral habitats and dispersion of toxic chemicals and gear. The Damage Assessment Center (DAC) is addressing this issue by creating a comprehensive database of abandoned vessels. These vessels can potentially threaten coral ecosystems in U.S. waters. Current databases are limited in their scope or definition of abandoned vessels. The inventory is a compilation of existing data from sources such as NOAA, the U.S. Coast Guard, States, Territories and the maritime industry, as well as original data from maps and personal interviews with local sources.Kean University blackboard, Kean University distance education, distance education,webct, kean webct, kean university webct, kean university de, kean onlineInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on marine ecosystemsLead page to connect to ground water information on the Nation's ground water resources and ground water activities of the USGS. Includes links to ground-water data, news reports, publications, field techniques, models, programs, and issues.These digital point data of the altitude of the Mesozoic rocks of the Upper Colorado River Basin were created for the purpose of developing a generalized predevelopment groundwater flow model of the Mesozoic and Paleozoic aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin (UCRB) and use that model along with a few recharge estimates to estimate water budgets for the aquifers including associated groundwater contributions to the Colorado River surface water system. The modeling exercise also explored considerations for development of a more detailed groundwater flow model that would include all of the major aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin.Drinking water supply management area (DWSMA) vulnerability is an assessment of the likelihood for a potential contaminant source within the drinking water supply management area to contaminate a public water supply well based on the aquifer's inherent geologic sensitivity; and the chemical and isotopic composition of the groundwater.postdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemThree main criteria are used as an initial basis for screening source locations; availability of large quantities of beach compatible sand, levels of contamination, and the location of the source relative to the potential southern Monterey Bay receiver site. Sediments with contamination are typically eliminated from further consideration for beach nourishment. Potential sources are then targeted, using the Tier I evaluation criteria of the Sand Compatibility and Opportunistic Use Program (SCOUP) Plan (Moffatt and Nichol Engineers, 2006), for more detailed compatibility studies.In this Coastal RSM Plan, available information was collated on the physical and chemical characteristics of the potential source sediments. The essential data include particle size, and chemical signatures (metals and other analytes). This is defined as a Tier I analysis in the SCOUP (Moffatt and Nichol Engineers, 2006). From these data, provisional recommendations are made regarding the suitability of the source sediments for placement at the potential receiver site, which should then be carried forward into a more detailed Tier II analysis. Tier II analysis requires sampling and testing for particle size distribution, chemistry, and physical properties, at each of the source sites and the potential receiver site providing a definitive statement regarding the suitability of the source sediments for placement at the receiver site. The Tier I analysis carried out for this Coastal RSM Plan targets five potential sources of sand for beach nourishment, which are described in Sections 6.1 to 6.5. Locations compiled by PWA for Southern Monterey Bay Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan (AMBAG, 2008).NOAA's Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and land change information for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats every five years. NOAA plans to contract out for the development of land cover change data based on 2015 and 2016 Landsat satellite imagery (30 meter resolution). It is anticipated that contract awards will be made between March of 2016 and August of 2019, and that at least 1/5th of the Contiguous United States will be awarded each fiscal year, or until a full update has been complete.Rhode Island Colonial Charter: 1663-2013 Search Rhode Island Colonial Charter: 1663-2013 - 350th anniversary of Rhode Island's "lively experiment" in religious freedomExplains how we reconstruct past environmental conditions, especially salinity, to help guide ecosystem restoration efforts in this area.HI No: HI 877; IPR Holder: Ministry of Defence; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2000-09-09; Survey End: 2000-10-10; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: GPSA multi-disciplinary team of scientists on the Henry Bigelow HB1204 mission surveyed and ground-truthed known or suspected deep-sea coral habitats associated with deepwater canyons off the coast of the northeastern U.S. using the state-of-the-art ME70 multibeam survey system.A web-enabled database that provides for the capture, curation, integration, and delivery of bioassessment data collected by USGS, principally macroinvertebrate, algae, fish, and supporting habitat data from rivers and streams.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A first surface elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of the northern Gulf of Mexico barrier islands and Naval Live Oaks was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Park Service (NPS), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed-laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of 15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide managers with a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThe Go Programming LanguageWMSThis data set includes data collected from September to October 1997 and covers the states of South Carolina, North Carolina, Maryland, and Virginia. Laser beach mapping uses a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and coastal topography. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the beach at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying from the low water line to the landward base of the sand dunes.WMSJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemDepartment of Classics, The School of Arts and Sciences, Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyThese data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.34(a)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Seasonal and area closures designed to protect Gulf reef fish, Closure provisions applicable to the seasonal closure of the recreational sector for shallow-water grouper (SWG) as of 1/3/14.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Economics: National Ocean Watch (ENOW) contains annual time-series data for over 400 coastal counties, 30 coastal states, 8 regions, and the nation, derived from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Bureau of Economic Analysis. It describes six economic sectors that depend on the oceans and Great Lakes and measures four economic indicators: Establishments, Employment, Wages, and Gross Domestic Product (GDP).NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.WMSSouthern Sierra CZO Lidar flight was acquired in 2010 and consists of 2 flights - Snow on and snow off. Each flight has 6 sub-areas defined as: Bull (Area 1), Courtwright Road (Area 2), Providence (Area 3), San Joaquin Range (Area 4), Soaproot Saddle (Area 5), and Wolverton (Area 6). This dataset includes 1m digital surface model (filtered and unfiltered), 1m digital elevation models (filtered and unfiltered), and the raw Lidar point clouds (LAS format) in 1 km by 1 km tiles. Data acquisition, ground-truthing, vegetation surveys and processing were coordinated by Dr. Qinghua Guo and funded by NSF Award (EAR-0922307 , PI. Qinghua Guo), which aims to collect Lidar data at all CZOs, including extracting vegetation characteristics from the LIDAR point cloud data. The Southern Sierra CZO is mainly focused on how water, soils, and climate interact with processes from the subsurface to the atmosphere.Recover 30 Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory Ocean-bottom Seismometers (OBSs) of 3 different types: ?10 TRM shallow-water OBSs with Trillium compact 3-component absolute pressure gauge installed at depths from 200-1000m (nominal). Recovered using remotely operated vehicle Jason. ?10 Trawl-Resistant Mount (TRM) shallow-water OBS with Trillium compact 3-component seismometer, absolute pressure gauge (APG), acoustic release/pop-up buoy with Jason backup. ?10 LDEO deep water OBSs with APG. Recover by sending an acoustic release command to drop the anchor. OBS then floats to the surface a nominal rate of 50m/min. Referred to as LDEO-DW below. ?Iftime allows, discover and recover 2 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution deep water OBSs. Additional Activities: Acquire swath bathymetry, including water column data, in transit between all stations and port. Acquire other underway data (e.g. meterology, acoustic doppler current profiler).Webpage based on USGS Open File Report 98-139 links to information on the San Francisco Bay estuary to study dredge disposal effects, fish habitats, sediment transport, rock pinnacles and navigation, and consequences of a large oil spill.Summary of workshop with links to reports that are recommendations for future projects.WMSWMSThe Maine Cooperative Snow Survey collects, interprets, and distributes information on the depth and water content of Maine's snowpack in the late winter and early spring, when the danger of flooding in Maine's rivers and streams is greatest.Micronekton and plankton samples were collected at the Southeast (SE) Hancock Seamount in 1985-1987, and in the vicinity of Palmyra Atoll, Line Islands in 1990. Micronekton samples were collected with a 1.8 m Isaacs-Kidd mid water trawl (IKMT), a 60 m2 Marinovich trawl (September and November 1986), and a 100 m2 Oregon State University (OSU) rope trawl (November 1988). Bramid eggs and larvae were collected in plankton samples using a 1 m2 opening-closing Tucker trawl (July 1984 and February 1985), a 0.49m2 Manta (neuston) net (January 1988), a 60cm bongo net (January 1988), and , and a 1 m2 MOCNESS with 0.333 mm mesh (Aug. 1990). Samples were preserved in 10% formalin at sea and sorted for bramid larvae and juveniles in the laboratory. Bramid larvae and juveniles from the central Pacific were compared to eastern Pacific specimens of Bramidae from the California Cooperative Oceanic Fisheries Investigation (CALCOFI). Counts and measurements for larvae and juveniles were made using a dissecting microscope with an ocular micrometer. Data were collected by Bruce Mundy (PIFSC), H. Geoffrey Moser (NMFS Southwest Fisheries Science Center), and Masato Moteki (Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology).Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.ShareGeo ShareGeo DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.3 Files Volume 1 Central California.Volume 2 Southern, Central Coastal, and Offshore California. Volume 3 Northern California.Contour maps, cross section, data sheets and representative well logs for California oil and gas fields. This resource is available online for download as 3 pdfs. For more information see links providedWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during October 2011.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Comit conomique et social europ en Rechercher (Fran ais) Comit conomique et social europ enThe Gridded Satellite (GridSat-B1) data provides a uniform set of quality controlled geostationary satellite observations for the visible, infrared window and infrared water vapor channels. GridSat-B1 uses the International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project (ISCCP) B1 dataset providing coverage every 3 hours from 1980 to the present, and is updated quarterly as possible. The ISCCP B1 data have been quality controlled, calibrated, remapped and merged together to provide a nearly global coverage of top of the atmosphere radiances. Long-term temporal normalization is performed via calibration against HIRS channel 12 data during the period of record. The IR window channel data has received more extensive inter-satellite calibration and is thus identified as a Climate Data Record (CDR) by the NOAA CDR Program. GridSat-B1 data are projected on an equal angle grid, which facilitates the mapping and subsetting of the data. Since the ISCCP B1 native resolution is approximately 8km, the resolution of the equal area grid is 0.07 degrees latitude (approximately 8km at the Equator). The data span the globe in longitude and range from 70 degrees South to 70 degrees North latitude. GridSat version 2 differs from version 1 in the following ways: a) three channels are provided instead of just one, b) more quality control on the calibration, navigation and flagging of bad data, and c) extension of the period of record. Data are stored using netCDF-4 file format following the Climate and Forecast (CF) Conventions and the Attribute Convention for Dataset Discovery (ACDD) which facilitates usage with compatible software applications. Documentation and source code are available for the dataset.Data set contains 5000 by 5000 feet digital orthophotography mosaics. The digital orthophotos in this series have a nominal ground resolution of 0.5 meters. The digital orthophoto mosaics are four band, 12-bit GeoTIFFs and are color balanced to be uniform while still maintaining as much of the original color and appearance as practical. The source imagery was flown on June 28 and 30, 2012 with a Z/I DMC camera. The primary project area includes the entire shoreline of Rhode Island including the coastal ponds or lagoons that are found on the south shore. The shoreline of Block Island is also included in this project. This area includes approximately 943 square kilometers of intertidal and sub tidal habitats.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The \\\\"Larvae Counts Positive Tows\\\\" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are defined before tabulation block delineation and numbering, but are clusters of blocks within the same census tract that have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, Census 2000 tabulation blocks 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within Census 2000 tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. Census 2000 BGs generally contained between 600 and 3,000 people, with an optimum size of 1,500 people. Most BGs were delineated by local participants in the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP). The Census Bureau delineated BGs only where the PSAP participant declined to delineate BGs or where the Census Bureau could not identify any local PSAP participant. A BG usually covers a contiguous area. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tract. Within the standard census geographic hierarchy, BGs never cross county or census tract boundaries, but may cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs coded 0 were intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. For Census 2000, rather than extending a census tract boundary into the Great Lakes or out to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit, the Census Bureau delineated some census tract boundaries along the shoreline or just offshore. The Census Bureau assigned a default census tract number of 0 and BG of 0 to these offshore, water-only areas not included in regularly numbered census tract areas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.$10 Million for MHC Search $10 Million for MHC - Taking on the world was never far from Mary Lyon's mind.The Otolith Metrics database is a collection of fish otolith and vertebra dimension and weight measurements from adult and juvenile species of the North Pacific. Otoliths from a variety of species have been measured using digital imaging, calipers, and digital balances. Fish specimens such as walleye pollock, rockfish, sculpins, skates, and forage fish were collected as early as 1990 and otolith measurement data was generated from 2000 to present.The Department of Molecular Biology is a center of research in the life sciences at Princeton University. The department offers exciting opportunities for graduate students to pursue their goals in diverse areas of research. Housed mainly in four adjacent and connected buildings, it is home to 57 faculty and associated faculty, approximately 139 graduate students, 132 postdoctoral fellows, 127 undergraduate majors, and more than 100 technical and administrative staff.Estimates of the number and size of undiscovered mineral deposits containing gold, silver, copper, lead, and zinc in the US, by type of deposit.WMSStudy of the relationship of changes in total solar irradiance to changes in regional precipitation in the western United States as affected by water circulation in the Pacific Ocean.Not EnteredEstimates of the number and size of undiscovered mineral deposits containing gold, silver, copper, lead, and zinc in the US, by type of deposit.The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Agriculture Handbook Number 703 (Renard et al.,1997). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall ersoivity are called isoerodents. The iserodents plotted on a map of the Island of Oahu were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 30 meter resolution in UTM, Zone 4, GRS80, NAD83.WMSLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Diptera (flies)Gephi:Wiki (en)ArcIMS 9.2.0 DBCPN Web Map ServiceThe Global Forecast System (GFS) is a weather forecast model produced by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP). Dozens of atmospheric and land-soil variables are available through this dataset, from temperatures, winds, and precipitation to soil moisture and atmospheric ozone concentration. The entire globe is covered by the GFS at a base horizontal resolution of 18 miles (28 kilometers) between grid points, which is used by the operational forecasters who predict weather out to 16 days in the future. Horizontal resolution drops to 44 miles (70 kilometers) between grid point for forecasts between one week and two weeks. The GFS model is a coupled model, composed of four separate models (an atmosphere model, an ocean model, a land/soil model, and a sea ice model), which work together to provide an accurate picture of weather conditions. Changes are regularly made to the GFS model to improve its performance and forecast accuracy. This dataset is run four times daily at 00z, 06z, 12z and 18z out to 384 hours in two parts. The forecast steps out to 192 hours have a 1.0 degree horizontal resolution and a 3 hour temporal resolution. Forecast steps from 192 to 384 hours have a 2.5 degree horizontal resolution and a 12 hour temporal resolution.Of 129 reported incidents, 94 are confirmed ash encounters, 79 of which entailed airframe or engine damage; 20 are low-severity events involving suspected ash or gas clouds; for 15 the data are insufficient to assess severity.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this state.This data set consists of one-foot pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis Search U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis - BEAThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophoto quarter quadrangle (DOQQ) is a1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQQ is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between January 15th and March 31st in 2006.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). In 1992, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) placed most of the core data from legs 101-129 of the ODP onto CDROM in cooperation with NSF and JOI. The data are from an ODP relational database system in place prior to the later, JANUS, system. Not all of the data in this archive were transferred to JANUS, so some data files are unique. In 2001, the CDROM was replaced by a new version with an HTML interface, and also placed online. Data types included are: Age profile, carbon-carbonate, corelog, gas chromatography, gamma ray attenuation porositoy evaluator (GRAPE) special 2-minute counts, hard-rock visual core descriptions, hard-rock thin section descriptions, index properties of sediment, interstitial water chemistry, paleomagnetic susceptibility and intensity, rock evaluator data, sedimentary lithology, site summary, smearslide descriptions, velocity, and x-ray fluorescence data.Lists of largest earthquakes in the world and in the United States, earthquake facts and statistics, deaths from earthquakes, earthquakes by magnitude, and significant earthquakes.Short summaries of long-term research projects concerning the biological health of this section of the Mississippi river.311 undersea features from all major oceans and seas has been created as an aid for retrieving georeferenced information resources.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GODORT (en)This is one data set of a data package consisting of thirteen point data sets that have as attributes the direction and velocity of ocean currents in the 'eastern' Gulf of Mexico as determined by drift buoys from February 1996 to June 1997. The data are summarized by quarter degree cells and represent the time weighted average of drift direction and velocity for all drift buoys that entered the cell during the summary time period. Twelve of the data sets are one month averages, one data set is a one year average from all the months. The area covered is nominally the eastern Gulf of Mexico, but during the course of the study, the buoys drifted as far west as Texas. These spatial extent, object count and range attribute metadata items apply in particular to the one-year average data set, however the general characteristics of the dataset (coordinate system, attributes and attribute definitions) apply to all thirteen.Describes and illustrates how scientists use electronic tiltmeters measuring deformation on volcanoes.Densities of the code goby Gobiosoma robustum Ginsburg and clown goby Microgobius gulosus (Girard) vary across regions of Florida Bay. Although their distributions overlap to a limited degree, G. robustum is found in great abundance in the seagrass beds of the western and southern portion of the bay, where a strong Gulf of Mexico influence maintains salinities at a relatively constant level (35-40 ppt). Conversely, M. gulosus is most common in the north-eastern section of the bay that is influenced by freshwater inflow and generally is characterised by lower salinities and sparse submerged vegetation.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Data.Medicare.Govkulturmasche Search kulturmasche - Die Masche mit der KulturU.S.V.I. maximum monthly precipitationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands, based on a 10m bathymetric grid.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Water & Sewer line distribution areas for public drinking water systems with at least 15 service connections used by year round residents or regularly serve at least 25 year round residents.These data are part of Roberts, Richard W., University of Washington, Department of Oceanography Special Report No. 70, Bottom Sediment Granulometric Data for the Continental Margins of the Bering, Chukchi, East Siberian, Laptev, and Beaufort Seas. The report was funded by Grant OCE76-20834, from the National Science Foundation, with additional support from the Office of Naval Research, the US Atomic Energy Commission, and the US Geological Survey. Data in the report represent granulometric analyses conducted by UW of over 4,300 sediment samples from approximately 1,500 stations collected during cruises of the Brown Bear, Thomas G. Thompson, Northwind, Staten Island, Burton Island, Surveyor, John N. Cobb, and Drifting Ice Station Alpha II. The full report accompanying the tabular data is available in .pdf form online (27.4 Mbytes).Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSTIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.This data was created by the DIVA-GIS for Liberia water data.This data set contains ortho-rectified mosaic tiles, created as a product from the NOAA Integrated Ocean and Coastal Mapping (IOCM) initiative. The source imagery was acquired from 20111030 - 20131125 with an Applanix Digital Sensor System (DSS). The original images were acquired at a higher resolution to support the final ortho-rectified mosaic.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Ther are 25 habitat and zone PDF products. This project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the United States Geological Survey, the National Park Service, and the National Geophysical Data Center, to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force. Twenty-one distinct benthic habitat types within eight zones were mapped directly into a GIS system using visual interpretation of orthorectified aerial photographs. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 1600 km^2. In all, 49 km^2 of unconsolidated sediment, 721 km^2 of submerged vegetation, 73 km^2 of mangroves, and 756 km^2 of coral reef and colonized hardbottom were mapped.WMSEUCROSS - The Europeanisation of everyday life: Cross-Border Practices and Transnational Identities among EU and Third-Country Citizens - a research project funded by the EC 7FP.WMSLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Portal to general information on the National Atlas of the United States with access for producing specialized maps and links to thematic maps including interactive maps, multimedia maps, map layers data warehouse, wall maps, and printable maps.National Park Service unit boundaries.Search NITRC for related web pages.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.eHelp (en)Find answers to thousands of questions about information technology at Indiana University.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Topological Faces / Area Hydrography Relationship File (FACESAH.dbf) contains a record for each face / area hydrography feature relationship. Face refers to the areal (polygon) topological primitives that make up MTDB. A face is bounded by one or more edges; its boundary includes only the edges that separate it from other faces, not any interior edges contained within the area of the face. The face to which a record in the Topological Faces / Area Hydrography Relationship File (FACESAH.dbf) applies can be determined by linking to the Topological Faces Shapefile (FACES.shp) using the permanent topological face identifier (TFID) attribute. The area hydrography feature to which a record in the Topological Faces / Area Hydrography Relationship File (FACESAH.dbf) applies can be determined by linking to the Area Hydrography Shapefile (AREAWATER.shp) using the area hydrography identifier (HYDROID) attribute. A face may be part of multiple area water features. An area water feature may consist of multiple faces.This dataset contains a 6m ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of a selected portion of seafloor around Isla de Mona in Puerto Rico, derived from data collected in 2008. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, it is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 2/25/08 to 3/8/08. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) in 2008. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and imported to ESRI ArcMap 9.2 using the Convert XYZ to Raster tool developed by CCMA for this purpose. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information on VMS deposits from around the world with new grade and tonnage models for three subtypes of VMS deposits and data allowing locations of all deposits to be plotted using GIS.WMSDynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesDescribes and provides examples of impacts of human-induced land subsidence resulting from the extraction of subsurface water, including aquifer-system compaction, drainage of organic soils, dissolution and collapse of susceptible rocks.The design of this field mission is three fold: (1) to spatially characterize the distribution, abundance and size of both reef fishes and macro invertebrates within and around the waters of the Flower Gardens National Marine Sanctuary using, (2) to relate this information to in-situ data collected on associated habitat parameters and (3) to use hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of East and West Bank. This information collected will be used to evaluate the utility of an experimental fishing closure on one of the most pristine reefs under US jurisdiction in the tropical Western Atlantic. Data collected during this mission (pre-closure) will provide baseline information necessary to evaluate closure efficacy and assess whether the closure should become permanent.Locations of survey points, a photographic record of each site, field observations of vegetation cover and descriptions of oil coverage in the water and on plants, including measurements of the distance of oil penetration from the shoreline.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search Ensembl genome browser - Panda - Ailuropoda melanoleucaUsing a geographic dataset of structures, with more than 5500 structures that were destroyed or damaged by wildfire since 2001, we identified the main contributors to property loss in two extensive, fire-prone regions in southern California.These data contain basic information describing well logs and compiled by the Oklahoma Geological Survey, published as a downloadable file, ESRI Service, and as a Web Feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. The downloadable documents contain 9 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template, resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Fields in the data table include Well Name, API Number, Ended Drilling Date, Well Type, Bottom Logged Interval,and Log Notes.Wiki_ozone (en) This map service presents spatial information about a Land Use Scenario in 2025 for the East River Watershed of Brown County, WI. The service was developed as part of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management s collaboration with the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, but contains data and information from a variety of data sources, including non-NOAA data. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information. For additional information, please contact the NOAA Office for Coastal Management at coastal.info@noaa.gov. This map service is used in an application highlighted on the Great Lakes Coastal Resilience Planning Guide (http://greatlakesresilience.org/?page_id=867).powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWell logr data from Energy and Geoscience Institute - The University of UtahThis dataset contains a unified ESRI Grid with 2x2 meter cell size representing the rugosity of a selected portion of seafloor southwest of Vieques Island, derived from data collected in March and April 2009. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data around Vieques Island from 3/26/09 to 4/2/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of less than 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.ITS providerWMSRugosity is derived from gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. Cell values reflect the (surface area) / (planimetric area) ratio for the area contained within that cell's boundaries. They provide indices of topographic roughness & convolutedness. This data set is for of Johnston Island,Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.This site provides access to digital copies of the plats received by the Land Surveyor Office. Users can access plat information by searching on township-range-section, county or using other common means. Users also have the option to register for weekly or monthly updates by county. The site is populated with scanned plats submitted to the State Surveyors Office.WMSIPR Holder: Warrenpoint Harbour Authority; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2005-09-01; Survey End: 2005-09-01; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;Provides links to explanatory materials for the layperson, including information on concepts behind earthquake maps, the use of probability, what the maps mean, how they are made, and answers to frequently asked questions.Raster-based land cover data set derived from 30 meter resolution Thematic Mapper satellite imagery. Classification is divided into 16 classes with source imagery dates ranging from June 1995 to June 1996. DNR performed additional post-processing steps to replace transportation class cells with surrounding values.Open Vault SearchThe Sanctuary Integrated Monitoring Network (SIMoN) is an integrated, long-term program that takes an ecosystem approach to identify and understand changes to the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. There are more than forty institutions and organizations in the greater Monterey Bay area that are currently examining various aspects of the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. Marine research conducted in the sanctuary includes long-term monitoring programs that are essential to furthering our understanding, and to determining the health, of the marine ecosystem. SIMoN enables researchers to monitor the sanctuary effectively by integrating the existing monitoring programs and identifying gaps in information. By avoiding duplication of these programs, resources can be more effectively directed towards surveying and characterizing habitats, assessing the impact of natural processes or human activities on specific resources, and long-term monitoring. Finally, SIMoN serves to make the monitoring data available to managers, decision makers, the research community, and the general public. Current projects, maps and graphs, and educational information are organized by subject on the website. In addition, three interactive maps are available which allow users to visualize, analyze and extract spatial data. The SIMoN Standard Viewer provides a wide variety of GIS data layers of various themes and focus. This viewer is useful for comparing spatial data from a wide variety of scientific disciplines. The SIMoN Water Quality Viewer provides GIS data layers relevant to water quality issues in and around the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. Finally the R/V McArthur II Research Cruise Viewer provides GIS data layers and links to video clips and images obtained from the April, 2004 McArthur II survey conducted in the Monterey Bay, Cordell Bank and Gulf of the Farallones national marine sanctuaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Females 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (5f1be768-b248-4e7f-abce-798d765ace78)This raster dataset represents the depth to bedrock from the land surface. It was derived by subtracting a bedrock surface elevation layer from the NED 30 meter surface elevation DEM.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set reports information regarding the nominal sampling locations for the National Status and Trends Benthic Surveillance Project sites. One record is presented per site. Each record reports the five letter site acronym, site sequence number, general and specific location information, state abbreviation, state name, degree-minute-second coordinates, decimal degree coordinates, and species information, among other things. The actual site coordinate information is recorded at the time of sampling, if samples were taken at a location other than the nominal site center. The five letter acronym is based on both the general location information and more specific location information (e.g. SFSM is San Francisco-San Mateo Bridge). The file also contains sequence numbers that facilitate geographic manipulation of the data. Sites are numbered sequentially from the northern most site on the U.S. East coast (i.e. Penobscot Bay-Pickering Island) and continue counter-clockwise around the country.Visible and infrared imagery from DMSP Operational Linescan System (OLS) instruments are used to monitor the global distribution of clouds and cloud top temperatures twice each day. The archive data set consists of low resolution global and high resolution regional, imagery recorded along a 3,000 km scan, satellite ephemeris and solar and lunar information. Infrared pixel values correspond to a temperature range of 190 to 310 Kelvins in 256 equally spaced steps. Onboard calibration is performed during each scan. Visible pixels are relative values ranging from 0 to 63 rather than absolute values in Watts per m^2. Instrumental gain levels are adjusted to maintain constant cloud reference values under varying conditions of solar and lunar illumination. Telescope pixel values are replaced by Photo Multiplier Tube (PMT) values at night. A telescope pixel is 0.55 km at high resolution (fine mode) and 2.7 km at low resolution(smooth mode). Low resolution values are the mean of the appropriate 25 high resolution values.Leicester Research Archive Leicester Research Archive DSpace repositoryThe Submarine Ring of Fire 2012 cruise will use the University of Bremen Quest 4000 remotely operated vehicle to locate, map and sample hydrothermal sites at seamounts and spreading centers in the Lau Basin. The sites were discovered by water column surveys, camera tows and prior dives with a remotely operated vehicle during cruises funded by NOAA, NSF and Nautilus Minerals Inc. in the past 8 years. They range in depth from ~750 to ~2600 m. We expect to visit 10 to 13 sites during the cruise. When the ROV is not in the water we will conduct other operations including multibeam surveys (with concurrent towed magnetometer, gravimeter, ADCP, and HDSS), CTD vertical and towed hydrocasts generally at locations close to the planned targets.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 1x1 meter cell size representing the rugosity of St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10. Rugosity was derived from this surface using NOAA's Benthic Terrain Modeler extension. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Links for the Tides and Inflows in the Mangroves of the Everglades (TIME) project on the effects of freshwater and tidal flows on the Everglades mangroves. With links to software & manuals, time data, photos, animations, and bibliography.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThis server implements the WCS specification 1.0 and 1.1.1, it's reference implementation of WCS 1.1.1. All layers published by this service are available on WMS also.Ortho photography was captured for base mapping needs in the City of Alma.This data set contains point locations for oil and gas platforms (structures) located in the Gulf of Mexico federal waters. Note: Platforms are being added or modified continuously; obtaining updates of this database are required to know the true distribution of platform data.Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record.Contains the platform locations as of December 2014. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files.Geospatial vector polygon data defining shellfishing prohibition areas, seasonal, and conditional shellfish closure areas, and areas open to legal shellfish harvesting in RI marine and estuarine waters in accordance with the provisions of: Title 20, Chapter 8.1 Of the General Laws of 1956, entitled "shellfish grounds", notice is hereby given that certain water areas in Rhode Island overlying shellfish grounds have been found to be in an unsatisfactory sanitary condition for the taking of shellfish for human consumption and are declared to be polluted areas. Persons taking shellfish from said waters will be prosecuted in accordance with the provisions of the aforementioned chapter.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The U.S. Annual Climate Normals for 1981 to 2010 are 30-year averages of meteorological parameters that provide users with many tools to understand typical climate conditions for thousands of locations across the United States, as well as U.S. territories, commonwealths, the Compact of Free Association nations, and one station in Canada. As many NWS stations as possible are used, including those from the NWS Cooperative Observer Program (COOP) Network as well as some additional stations that have a Weather Bureau Army-Navy (WBAN) station identification number, including stations from the Climate Reference Network (CRN). THe Annual Climate Normals dataset includes various derived products such as daily air temperature normals (including maximum and minimum temperature normal, heating and cooling degree day normal, and others), precipitation normals (including snowfall and snow depth, percentiles, frequencies and other), and hourly normals (all normal derived from hourly data including temperature, dew point, heat index, wind chill, wind, cloudiness, heating and cooling degree hours, pressure normals). All data utilized in the computation of the 1981-2010 Climate Normals were taken from the ISD Lite (a subset of derived Integrated Surface Data), the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily dataset, and standardized monthly temperature data (COOP). These source datasets (including intermediate datasets used in the computation of products) are also archived at the NOAA NCDC.Radiological Sciences (English)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Comparative Toxicogenomics Database keyword searchWMSResearch program conducting basic and applied research on geologic energy resources and on the environmental, economic, and human health impacts of their production and use.These files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing county subdivisions. This dataset includes minor civil divisions and other statistical entities.TransRoad_SUFF01 includes road sufficiency ratings for State Highways as of 2001.Well vulnerability results from the young age of groundwater. Karst features permit contaminants to move into the aquifer easily, leading to a well mixed aquifer; geochemical processes do not degrade contaminants quickly.Search the Debian website.Preparing for earthquakes along this important fault requires studying the history of its movement and its geology, as well as understanding how society has built the area around it.Search jobs on Chemistry World JobsWe estimated 6,192 billion cubic feet of shallow biogenic (continuous) undiscovered gas in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemA broad survey of regional patterns in stream flow nationwide. Maps and graphs summarizing streamflow conditions for water-year 2010 (October 1, 2009 to September 30, 2010) in the context of the 81-year period 1930-2010.ODEC Bathy2000 CHIRP data collected simultaneously with multibeam bathymetry and acoustic backscatter.WFS Service for RGIS dataset NM traffic count data for 2011 (b6cc9cfe-2069-4474-b7af-551f8b9617ae)Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Description of the work and results of a cruise by the Pacific Sea Floor Mapping project to map the Long Beach, California continental shelf based on data from high-resolution multibeam technology.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordUsing a performance-based geologic assessment methodology, we estimated a technically recoverable mean volume of 6.1 trillion cubic feet of potential shale gas in these areas.This raster denotes predicted habitat suitability for Montipora in the Auau Channel region. Maximum Entropy (MaxEnt) modeling software was used to create this ensemble model, which is an average of 10 model replicates. MaxEnt works by analyzing the distribution of environmental variables where species are present, so it can find other areas that meet all of the same environmental constraints. Georeferenced records containing information about mesophotic coral occurrence and environmental predictors describing the seafloors depth, vertical structure, available light, surface temperature, currents and distance from shoreline were used to train MaxEnt. Model performance and accuracy were assessed using Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Area Under the Curve (AUC) and a randomly chosen, spatially independent data subset. The average test AUC for this predictive ensemble model was 0.97, and the producers accuracy of this ensemble predictive model was 86.1% (when the habitat suitability threshold = 0.15). The habitat suitability threshold of 0.15 represents the sum of the maximum ROC sensitivity and specificity values. Extreme care should be taken when selecting a habitat suitability threshold because it affects the probability of correctly identifying the presence and absence of mesophotic corals. For more information describing how this predictive surface was developed and its limitations, please see the following website: http://ccma.nos.noaa.gov/ecosystems/sanctuaries/hwnms/N/ASearch - Bethel College's Online Creative JournalSearch AAG_MBRThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD06_L2 data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.Sphinx 1.3a0 documentation Search Sphinx 1.3a0 documentationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A Fragile Balance Search A Fragile Balance - Emergency Savings and Liquid Resources for Low-Income ConsumersUnknown oceanographic data were collected aboard the THOMAS JEFFERSON in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-05-23 to 2010-05-28 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include unknown data types. The instruments used to collect these data included unknown instruments along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0084596)Maps indicating areas where earthquakes may cause damage or disrupt human activities, with information about how those maps are compiled.This data set is an LAZ (compressed LAS) format file containing LIDAR point cloud data. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Pearl and Hermes. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to geologic information on western states: Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada and Oregon including information on coastal and marine geology, mineral resources, earthquakes, landslides, earthquake hazards and geologic maps.Penn State Hershey Ortho Report Search Penn State Hershey Ortho Report - from Bone and Joint Institute PhysiciansThis dataset contains the uppermost bedrock geology and major alluvial deposits located within the State of Missouri.History, pathology, and prospects for this historic disease that is still prevalent in animals and remains a threat to humans.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data provides global area coverage at 0.1 degrees resolution. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Goal 1: Improve understanding of salmon ocean ecology by integrating stock-specific distribution patterns over space and time with biological and environmental data. Goal 2: Integrate multiple disciplines to develop and apply new scientific technology to improve fisheries management strategies across geo-political boundaries. Goal 3: Improve economic opportunities for fishermen and coastal communities. The Oregon Salmon Commission, California Salmon Council, and Washington Trollers Association lead the Collaboration. Partners include Oregon Sea Grant, Community Seafood Initiative, Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, University of California Santa Cruz, Oregon State University, Oregon and Washington Departments of Fish and Wildlife, California and Idaho Departments of Fish and Game, National Marine Fisheries Service Northwest, and Southwest Fisheries Science Centers. Fishermen sample Chinook salmon at sea. Genetic Stock Identification (GSI) analysis is used to determine stock of origin. Scales are examined to determine age, and other biological and physical data are taken. The purpose is to develop Fishery information system with multiple goals. The target audience is the Pacific Fishery Management Council (PFMC) and Pacific Salmon Commission (PSC) Management, as well as fishermen, scientists, marketers, educators, and the general public. This is a stand-alone project, with one principal point of contact in NMFS. This project is ongoing. Chinook genetics for stock identificationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains the streams and rivers that have been assessed and categorized by Department of Health-Division of Water Quality (NDDoH-WQ) in 2011 for the 2012 reporting cycle to the US EPA. The streams and rivers are a subset of the 1:100,000 scale National Hydrography Dataset (NHD). Since the streams and rivers are a subset of the NHD dataset, only that subset is included in this dataset.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.DavinciWiki (en)N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The lessons and activities in this guidebook are meant to supplement and enhance existing science content already being taught to Alaskan students in grade levels 6-12.This map layer contains tree canopy data for the conterminous United States, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The tree canopy data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent tree canopy data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at http://www.mrlc.gov/nlcd2001.php.The Office of Spill Prevention and Response (OSPR) Incident Tracking Database is a statewide oil spill tracking information system. The data are collected by OSPR Field Response Team members for Marine oil spills and by OSPR Inland Pollution Coordinators and Wardens for Inland incidents.These data contain shipboard bioacoustics data collected in the Pacific, both pelagic and near shore environments. Data is collected using Simrad EK60 splitbeam multifrequency systems with the transducers pointing vertically down in the water column. For pelagic surveys, the echosounders operate up to three frequencies at 38 kHz, 70 kHz, and 120 kHz, while in insular environments data are available at up to four frequencies with the addition of a 200 kHz channel.Monitored state lake beach locations in Iowa. The Watershed Monitoring & Assessment Section of the Iowa DNR takes regular water samples at these listed beaches in Iowa, testing for water quality, including bacteria counts.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NOAA OceanWatch provides a blended sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from both microwave and infrared sensors carried on multiple platforms. The microwave instruments can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds, though the resolution is a bit coarse when considering features typical of the coastal environment. These are complemented by the relatively fine measurements of infrared sensors. The blended data are provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.1 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft, NOAA's Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer, NOAA GOES Imager, and NASA's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MODIS). THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL PRODUCT: intended strictly for scientific evaluation by professional marine scientists.A methane flux experiment was conducted in 4.5 cm internal diameter cores collected from approximately 5.5 m in Lake GTH 112. Cores were collected and overlying water was replaced with acetate treated water or Control water (Lake GTH 112 hypolimnetic water). Acetate concentrations were 0.2 mM (low acetate) or 2 mM (high acetate) 13C labeled 1-acetate and 13C labeled 2-acetate amendments in GTH 112 hypolimnetic water. Cores were incubated for 4 weeks at ambient Toolik Lake temperature (about 15 deg C),core water was replaced with Lake GTH 112 hypolimnetic water and CH4 flux was measured at 8 deg C over 24 h (ambient O2 condition). Following 24-h flux measurement, overlying water was replaced with N2 purged water (anoxic condition) and CH4 flux was again measured over 24 h. Data report 24 h flux measurement under ambient and anoxic conditions for each treatment (details reported in Hershey et al. 2013 Biogeochemistry 10.1007/s10533-013-9864-y).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.MarineCadastre.gov themed service for public consumption featuring layers from the Physical and Oceanographic and Marine Habitat bins featured in the National Viewer.LibrePlanet (en)Recent study indicates that inorganic trace elements and radioactive constituents are more likely to be subjects of concern in this less-developed area than anthropogenic organic compounds.In March 1983, President Ronald Reagan signed a proclamation establishing an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) of the United States extending its territory 200 nautical miles from the coasts of the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. territories and possessions. In 1984, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), Office of Marine Geology began a program to map these areas of the EEZ. The U.S. Pacific Coast was the first EEZ region to be mapped and launched the GLORIA (Geological LOng-Range Inclined Asdic) mapping program. The area covered by this survey extended from the Mexican to the Canadian borders and from the continental shelf edge, at about the 400-meter bathymetric contour, to 200 nautical miles from the coast. Survey of the U.S. Pacific West Coast EEZ was completed in four consecutive cruises conducted from late April through mid-August 1984. The collected GLORIA data were processed and digitally mosaicked to produce continuous imagery of the sea-floor. A total of 36 digital mosaics of an approximate 2 degree by 2 degree (or smaller) area with a 50-meter pixel resolution were completed for the region.N/AWe assembled 1.4 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings from 98 lead-line and single-beam echosounder hydrographic surveys conducted from 1910 to 1999 in Cook Inlet, Alaska. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. There were six areas where these older surveys were superseded by compilations of reduced-resolution multibeam surveys. We digitized 12,000 features, such as rocky reefs, kelp beds, rocks and islets, adding them to what was originally available, and creating the most thorough source (n = 18,000) of these typically shallow, inshore features. We also digitized 2,418 km of the mainland and 529 km of island shoreline, generally at a resolution of 1:20,000, and digitized 9,271 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets. The depth surface, shoreline, inshore features, and sediment data sets are mostly produced at a scale of 1:20,000.This data series contains 540 temporal datasets. Wildfire adheres to meteorological enablers and drivers across a spectrum of timescales. However, a majority of downscaling methods are ill suited for wildfire application due the lack of daily timescales and variables such as humidity and winds that are important for fuel flammability and fire spread. Two statistical downscaling methods, the daily Bias-Corrected Spatial Downscaling (BCSD) and the Multivariate Adapted Constructed Analogs (MACA), that directly incorporate daily data were validated over the Western United States with reanalysis data. While both methods outperformed the null interpolation only method, MACA exhibited additional skill in temperature, humidity, wind and precipitation due to its ability to jointly downscale temperature and dew point temperature and its use of analog patterns rather than interpolation. Both downscaling methods exhibited value added information in tracking fire danger indices and periods of extreme fire danger; however, due to its ability to more accurately capture relative humidity and winds, MACA outperformed the daily BCSD.Index of USGS's 0.3meter urban aerial images.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.This image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were processed by the Hawaii Mapping Research Group (HMRG), University of Hawaii using the HAWAII MR1 Sidescan Sonar Software Suite. The data were corrected for angle varying gain, transmit power and pulse width. Electronic and acoustic noise, such as striping due to across track variations in amplitude and speckling due to transducer motion, were removed.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Paper on the accelerated erosion of the Rio Puerco, a tributary of the Rio Grande in New Mexico, which has deepened and widened its channel, or arroyo, since the settlement of the region.Barrow field campaign data from August 2009.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.VIAF: The Virtual International Authority File The union of many international name authority files. See http://viaf.org for more information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This is a GIS version of California State Park (CSP) operational boundaries and does not represent official property boundary determinations. This GIS version is intended for general reference, planning, or use in studies only. All aspects of CSP boundaries (official and unofficial) are continual revision and park unit and subunit names, classifications, management status, and administrative codes are subject to change without notice. CSP Unit and Subunit names, status, and codes are in effecThis map layer contains impervious surface data for Alaska, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at http://www.mrlc.gov/nlcd2001.php.U.S.V.I. mean annual precipitationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Statistics Explained (en)This data provides Telephone Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier territory information for the State of Arkansas. The database provides location information for use in local and regional cartographic and spatial analysis applications. The data set was compiled from the legal descriptions in the rate documents on file with the Public Service Commission. The file has not been certified by a Professional Surveyor. The purpose of this data is to provide a generalized statewide view of Telephone Local Exchange Carrier territories. The file has been compiled from numerous sources and as such contains errors. The data contains the Telephone Exchange territories, Exchange Name, Company Name, Area Code, Prefix(es), Use, OCN(Operating Company Number) and Rate CentInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on threatened and endangered speciesPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSWe estimated means of 1.8 billion barrels of recoverable oil, 223 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas, and 6 billion barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This map layer is an Arc/INFO grid map of land cover characteristics for North America, excluding Hawaii, and including the Caribbean and most of Mexico. The nominal spatial resolution is 1 km and the map layer is based on 1-km AVHRR data. The data were compiled by staff at the National Center for Earth Resources Observation and Science as part of the Global Land Cover Characterization Project. The land cover classes were produced using 1-km AVHRR data from April 1992 to March 1993. Documentation and the original data are available at http://edcsns17.cr.usgs.gov/glcc/. The data available through the National Atlas of the United States are in GeoTIFF format. This is a revised version of the May 2002 map layer, with a corrected shoreline for Greenland.(Version 4.1, updated September 13, 2013) Maritime limits for the United States are measured from the U.S. baseline, recognized as the low-water line along the coast as marked on NOAA's nautical charts in accordance with the articles of the Law of the Sea. The baseline and related maritime limits are reviewed and approved by the interagency U.S. Baseline Committee. The primary purpose of this dataset is to update the official depiction of these maritime limits and boundaries on NOAA's nautical charts. The Office of Coast Survey depicts on its nautical charts the territorial sea (12 nautical miles), contiguous zone (24nm), and exclusive economic zone (200nm, plus maritime boundaries with adjacent/opposite countries). U.S. maritime limits are ambulatory and subject to revision based on accretion or erosion of the charted low water line. For more information about U.S. Maritime Limits and Boundaries and to stay up-to-date, see: http://www.nauticalcharts.noaa.gov/csdl/mbound.htm. For the full FGDC metadata record, see: http:www.ncddc.noaa.gov/approved_recs/nos_de/ocs/ocs/MB_ParentDataset.html. Coordinates for the US/Canada international boundary, on land and through the Great Lakes, are managed by the International Boundary Commission. These boundaries are included with this dataset for continuity.Forschungsdaten.org (de)This project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the University of Hawaii, BAE Systems Spectral Solutions and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of the Main Eight Hawaiian Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS and Quick Bird satellite imagery. A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes fourteen zones.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Report on the use of regression equations from measurements made by water quality monitors and analytical results of manually collected samples estimating nutrient, bacteria, and other constituent concentrations to study streams in Kansas.This digital map compilation, which includes geology, geologic provinces, and oil and gas fields of the Arabian Peninsula, is part of a map series of the world produced by the U.S. Geological Survey World Energy Project. The goal of the project is to produce a worldwide assessment of the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources and report these results by the year 2000. To assess the world's petroleum, a sequence of steps is being undertaken proceeding from defining geologic provinces of the world at a comparable scale, allocating oil and gas fields to these provinces, defining petroleum systems within these provinces, and ultimately assessing the undiscovered petroleum potential of selected provinces of the world. A more in-depth discussion of the geologic provinces and their relative ranking in terms of total known petroleum volume is given in USGS Open File Report 97-463 (see Klett and others, 1997). For the World Energy assessment, the world was divided into eight energy regions which correspond approximately with the economic regions of the world as defined by the U.S. Department of State. The Arabian Peninsula portion of Region 2 is represented on this CD-ROM (see insert Reference Map on geologic map). The geology map of the Arabian Peninsula was compiled and synthesized primarily from the U.S. Geological Survey-- Arabian American Oil Company, 1963, 1:2,000,000 scale Geologic map of the Arabian Peninsula. Additional geology in the northern portion of this map for parts of Iraq, Jordan, Syria, Israel, and Lebanon was derived with permission from the 1:5,000,000 scale, 1971 version of the Geologic Map of Europe, Eastern sheet, published by UNESCO (see Selected References no.4). Specific details of the data sources are given in the metadata file on this CD-ROM. Map units were combined to simplify the map when projected at a larger scale and to maintain consistency with other region maps. Precambrian rocks are undivided and consist of sedimentary, metamorphic, and igneous types. The boundary for Region 2 (Middle East/North Africa) is shown as an inset on the map. Oil and gas field markers represent field centerpoints published with permission from Petroconsultants International Data Corp., 1996 database. Each region was divided into geologic provinces. Geologic province boundaries for the Arabian Peninsula were delineated onshore using data from the U.S. Geological Survey--Arabian American Oil Company, and UNESCO geologic maps (see Selected References), and other tectonic and geographical data from the publications listed in the Selected References section. Offshore geologic province boundaries are defined by the 2000 meter bathymetric contour from the U.S. Geologic Survey--Arabian American Oil Company 1963 geologic map (see Selected References). Provinces may contain one dominant element or a number of contiguous elements or basins that are genetically related. Each geologic province was assigned a unique number; the first digit is the region number. An attempt was made to number the provinces in geographical order. In the Arabian Peninsula the numbering starts in the southernmost portion of the peninsula, generally increasing to the east and north. This map was compiled and displayed using Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc. (ESRI) Arc/Info, ARCVIEW, and ArcPlot softwares. Political boundaries and their cartographic representation on this map were taken with permission from ESRI's ArcWorld 1:3,000,000 Arc/Info digital coverage, have no political significance, and are displayed as general reference only. Refer to the ESRI licensing agreement in the ESRI license folder on the CD-ROM.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Educational site for elementary school students on water quality with links to related topics including pesticides in ground water, kid's view, urbanization and water and others.Describes where and how mineral deposits of this type are found, including chemical and mineralogical characteristics, as well as unsolved scientific questions surrounding their origin.Synoptic sampling including water column profiles and collected surface water samples was conducted on a bi-monthly basis throughout the rainy season(October-May) and on a monthly basis in the dry season (June-September) at nine locations in southern Kaneohe Bay in support of the Coral Reef Instrumented Monitoring Platform (CRIMP) program. Another dozen or so ancillary stations were also monitored selectively. Storm events were defined as greater than 5.1 cm of rain at the Luluku rain gain in less than 24 hours. The nine southern bay stations were sampled daily for one week after or until no obvious visual evidence of the storm runoff remained.The National Agriculture Imagery Program Change 2002-2014 is a web mapping application hosted on the ArcGIS online FSA Organizational Subscription. This web application is based on the hosted ArcGIS Online map tour template. The application depicts NAIP imagery coverage starting in 2002 and ending in 2014. The information contained in the JPEG images contained in the tour was aquired from historical archives of imagery coverage at the Aerial Photography Field Office. Notation of change and highlights for each year was also derived from historical contracting sources at the Aerial Photography Field Office.GIS data set from the USGS National Landslides Hazards Program showing major landslide events in the United States and Puerto Rico with metadata. Map layer can be downloaded in shapefile format or SDTS format.Remote sensing and field sampling techniques to support national assessment of burned areasThe USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) service from The National Map is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD is available nationwide in two seamless datasets, one based on 1:24,000-scale maps and referred to as high resolution NHD, and the other based on 1:100,000-scale maps and referred to as medium resolution NHD. Additional selected areas in the United States are available based on larger scales, such as 1:5,000-scale or greater, and referred to as local resolution NHD. The NHD from The National Map supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. For additional information on NHD, go to nhd.usgs.gov. The Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) is a companion dataset to the NHD. It defines the perimeter of drainage areas formed by the terrain and other landscape characteristics. The drainage areas are nested within each other so that a large drainage area, such as the Upper Mississippi River, will be composed of multiple smaller drainage areas, such as the Wisconsin River. Each of these smaller areas can further be subdivided into smaller and smaller drainage areas. The WBD uses six different levels in this hierarchy, with the smallest averaging about 30,000 acres. The WBD is made up of polygons nested into six levels of data respectively defined by Regions, Subregions, Basins, Subbasins, Watersheds, and Subwatersheds.Description of research program for immediate and long-term management of grizzly bears (Ursus arctos horribilis) inhabiting the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. Includes links to reports in PDF format and cooperating organizations.Describes volcano monitoring at Yellowstone National Park including an update of recent volcanic activity, real-time data, and link to volcano monitoring techniques information.This dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 3x3 meter cell size representing bathymetry of several deep coral priority areas off the Atlantic Coast of Florida, derived from data collected in November 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Ron Brown, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off the Atlantic Coast of Florida from 10/26/2010 to 10/27/2010. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg EM 710 multibeam echosounder (70 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 17 north, NAD83 datum. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. The CARIS Export option "BASE Surface to Image" was then used to create a GeoTiff of the priority areas.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Palmyra Atoll in the tropical Pacific is a "living laboratory" for multi-disciplinary research on coral reef ecosystems, insular terrestrial ecosystems, climate change, and the lingering effects of Cold War nuclear testing.An aerial photograph is a photograph of the earth's surface taken with a camera mounted in an airplane. The geographic extent of this scanned, georectified, and mosaiced 1.5-meter pixel resolution color infrared (CIR) digital aerial photograph is approximately the Payette Valley in Idaho. 28 tiles acquired as part of the 1997 Payette Valley Air Photo Project are included in this mosaic. The collection area includes some of Gem county, central Payette county and parts of southern Washington county. The 1:24,000-scale color infrared aerial photography used in the production of this mosaiced image was flown in 1997 by Valley Air Photos, Caldwell, Idaho.Search University of Texas Digital RepositoryThese data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.35(a), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Gear resticted areas, Reef fish stressed area, as of 07/01/13.The Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) has performed a coastal survey along the Atlantic coast in the summer of 2005 and 2007. The data types collected include bathymetry and topographic lidar point data, and true color imagery. The collection effort follows the coastline and extends 500m inland and 1000m offshore or to laser extinction, whichever comes first. Topographic lidar is collected with 200% coverage, yielding a nominal 1m x 1m post-spacing. Where water conditions permit, the bathymetry lidar data will have a nominal post spacing of 4m x 4m. The true color imagery will have a pixel size approximately 35cm. The final data will be tied to horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, and are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88).Downloadable descriptions of mines, prospects, and mineral occurrences for individual U.S. Geological Survey 1:250,000-scale quadrangles in Alaska.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The cruise will survey and collect samples of deep-sea corals and related marine life in the canyons in the northern Gulf of Maine in U.S. and Canadian waters. The U.S. and Canadian scientists (National Systematics Laboratory at NOAA?s Northeast Fisheries Science Center; Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia) will work aboard the NOAA Ship Henry B. Bigelow. They will use a remotedly operated vehicle (ROV) owned by Canada. Called the Remotely Operated Platform for Ocean Science-- ROPOS for short -- the vehicle can record images and sample water, sediments, and marine life using sampling gear operated from the ship by ROPOS pilots. The sites to be sampled range from 200 to 3000 meters deep, or roughly 650 to 10,000 feet deep. The ROPOS generally works in the Pacific Ocean, and this cruise marks the first time the vehicle has been used for coral research in U.S.Atlantic waters.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderR.A.G.E. Search R.A.G.E. - Resident Association of Greater EnglewoodNGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.This shapefile denotes the location of underwater photos and/or video that were collected by NOAA scientists using a MiniBat towed underwater system. Photos and/or video were collected between 02/22/2004 and 03/01/2004 along 1 transect north of St. Croix and along 6 transects south of St. Thomas and St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands. These photos and videos will be manually classified into different habitat classes, and integrated with the abiotic data collected by the acoustic sonar (sound navigation and ranging) systems to develop a benthic habitat map for the U.S. Caribbean. Habitat maps describe the location of habitat features (in relation to the shoreline), their physical composition and the types of organisms that colonize them. Fundamentally, habitat maps provide critical information about the extent, health and composition of marine resources, which is vital for communicating information about the distribution and abundance of species to resource managers, sci entists and the public. Habitat maps also support an increasing number of landscape ecology studies, as well as the process of marine spatial planning, including the design and evaluation of marine protected areas (MPAs).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Ortho photography for base mapping needs in the City of Bentonville, ArkansasCurrently, Iowa townships are not actually classified as civil townships, but as special district governments. Special district governments exist to provide only one or a limited number ofdesignated functions, and with sufficient administrative and fiscal autonomy to qualify as separate governments. Iowa townships today provide governmental functions that are outside the realm of both county and municipal authority. The three main functions of Iowa townships are fire protection, cemetery management, and fence maintenance and boundary dispute resolution within the township. The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. County subdivisions are the primary divisions of counties and their equivalent entities for the reporting of Census Bureau data, and they include legally minor civil divisions (MCDs) and statistical census county divisions (CCDs), and unorganized territories. For the 2010 Census, the legal MCDs are the primary governmental and/or administrative divisions of counties in 29 States and Puerto Rico; Tennessee changed from having CCDs for Census 2000 to having MCDs for the 2010 Census. In MCD States where no MCD exists or is not defined, the Census Bureau creates statistical unorganized territories to complete coverage. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by county subdivisions. The boundaries of all 2010 Census legal MCDs are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). For the 2010 Census, CCDs or their equivalents are delineated in 21 States. The boundaries of all 2010 Census statistical CCDs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The once-a-decade decennial census was conducted in April 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. This count of every resident in the United States was mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution and all households in the U.S. and individuals living in group quarters were required by law to respond to the 2010 Census questionnaire. The data collected by the decennial census determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities. The questionnaire consisted of a limited number of questions but allowed for the collection of information on the number of people in the household and their relationship to the householder, an individual's age, sex, race and Hispanic ethnicity, the number of housing units and whether those units are owner- or renter-occupied, or vacant. The first wave of results for sub-state geographic areas in New Mexico was released on March 15, 2011, through the Redistricting Data (PL94-171) Summary File. This batch of data covers the state, counties, places (both incorporated and unincorporated communities), tribal lands, school districts, neighborhoods (census tracts and block groups), individual census blocks, and other areas. The Redistricting products provide counts by race and Hispanic ethnicity for the total population and the population 18 years and over, and housing unit counts by occupancy status. The 2010 Census Redistricting Data Summary File can be used to redraw federal, state and local legislative districts under Public Law 94-171. This is an important purpose of the file and, indeed, state officials use the Redistricting Data to realign congressional and state legislative districts in their states, taking into account population shifts since the 2000 Census. More detailed population and housing characteristics will be released in the summer of 2011. The data in these particular RGIS Clearinghouse tables are for all Block Groups in Eddy County. There are two data tables. One provides total counts by major race groups and by Hispanic ethnicity, while the other provides proportions of the total population for these same groups. These files, along with file-specific descriptions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.LiDAR was collected within portions of Pinellas, Hillsborough, Manatee, Sarasota, Charlotte, Lee, Collier, Monroe, and a very small coastal area of Pasco, Counties. System Parameters/Flight Plan: The LiDAR system acquisition parameters were developed based on a maximum average ground sample distance of 4 feet. Two Leica ALS50 sensors were used for acquisition. Acquisition specifications for the two sensors were as follows: Sensor 19 Field of View (full angle) - 29 degrees Nominal flight altitude (AMSL) - 3999.30 feet Airspeed - 54.02 meters/sec Laser pulse rate - 75,000 Hz Nominal swath width (on ground) - 2068.58 feet Maximum cross track point spacing - 3.91 feet Maximum along track point spacing - 3.94 feet Average point spacing - 2.21 feet Flight line spacing - 1544.95 feet Side overlap - 25.31 percent Sensor 59 Field of View (full angle) - 29 degrees Nominal flight altitude (AMSL) - 3999.30 feet Airspeed - 60.70 meters/sec Laser pulse rate - 84,400 Hz Nominal swath width (on ground) - 2068.58 feet Maximum cross track point spacing - 3.94 feet Maximum along track point spacing - 3.91 feet Average point spacing - 2.21 feet Flight line spacing - 1413.72 feet Side overlap - 31.66 percent. LiDAR System Calibration: Prior to the LiDAR acquisition, the system underwent a calibration to verify the operational accuracy and misalignment angles. Boresight calibrations were performed for each LiDAR system at the beginning and end of each flight mission. LiDAR Data Acquisition: LiDAR data acquisition only occurred when the sky was sufficiently clear of clouds, smoke, and atmospheric haze. The LiDAR data was processed immediately after the acquisition to verify the coverage had no voids. GPS/Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) Post Processing: The GPS and IMU data was post processed using differential and Kalman filter algorithms to derive a best estimate of trajectory. The quality of the solution was verified to be consistent with the accuracy requirements of the project. LiDAR Processing and Classification: The LiDAR data was post processed and verified to be consistent with the project requirements in terms of post spacing and absence of artifacts. The point cloud underwent classification to determine bare-earth points (class 2), noise points (class 7), water returns (class 9), and unclassified data (class 1). Class 12 contains LiDAR points removed from the overlap region between adjacent flight lines. The MASSPOINT feature class contains ground (class 2) points only. To create the MASSPOINT feature class, Ground (class 2) LAS points were extracted in ArcMap, using a Woolpert Team-developed VB script, and loaded into the Geodatabase as multipoint geometry.Using a geology-based assessment methodology, we estimated a total of 1.32 trillion barrels of oil in place in eighteen oil shale zones in this Eocene geologic unit.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The nowCOAST 'analyses' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing various NOAA gridded weather and oceanographic surface analysis products. The 'analyses' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.The Armories database contains known Titles, Brigade, City, Address, Phone, Contact, County, Quad, and Type. Cell placed at known location. Verification made through contacts with Armory units and MMHIS. Source information and reference information: AHTD data, Arkansas Army National Guard, Arkansas Army Reserve, Air National Guard and Military web sites.Method of tracking pintail ducks by capturing with rocket nets or swim-in traps and attaching telemetry devices that allow satellite tracking. Includes video of rocket nets.Buscar na documenta o da Mozilla Developer NetworkNLCD 1992, NLCD 2001, NLCD 2006, and NLCD 2011 are National Land Cover Database classification schemes based primarily on Landsat data along with ancillary data sources, such as topography, census and agricultural statistics, soil characteristics, wetlands, and other land cover maps. NLCD 1992 is a 21-class land cover classification scheme that has been applied consistently across the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters. NLCD 2001 is a 16-class land cover classification scheme that also has been applied to the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters, and includes Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. NLCD 2006 quantifies land cover change for the conterminous U.S. between the years 2001 to 2006. Generation of NLCD 2006 helped identify and correct issues in the NLCD 2001 land cover and impervious surface products only, and no changes were made to the NLCD 2001 canopy product. For additional information, go to http://www.mrlc.gov/. See http://viewer.nationalmap.gov/help for assistance with The National Map viewer, services, or metadata.The Contaminant Biology Program investigates contaminant exposure and effects on fish, wildlife, and other organisms, their habitat and ecosystems. Links include description of projects, research centers, and news.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of Lisianski Island, Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, Hawaii, USA. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 5000 meters.The netCDF includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM120, EM1002, EM3002d multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The netCDF also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.Search VU Calendar Events.This file includes permitted facilities that accept special waste with a focus on special waste generated from oilfield exploration and production. The facilities here are current as of December, 2013. This is not a complete list of special waste landfills. A complete list of special waste landfills can be found at www.ndhealth.gov/wm/Publications/SpecialWasteLandfills.pdf. Information about the facilities in this file include facility name, physical address (if available), location, permitted start date the facility may start accepting waste, general waste source (if available), waste type, permit number under the solid waste program, permitted maximum tons per year of wastes the facility may accept, the permit condition listing the maximum tons per year of wastes the facility may accept. Definitions of waste types and other information can be found at www.legis.nd.gov/cencode/t23c29.pdf?20140102130428and www.legis.nd.gov/information/acdata/pdf/33-20-01.1.pdf?20140102130456.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSIn 1975 the BRGM and CNEXO in France joined to create a national marine geological sampling center at the Centre Oceanologique de Bretagne in Brest. This center collects and stores samples of the sea bottom and subbottom from all over the world and makes them available to any person or institution interested in their study. A French national scientific commission defined the rules for collecting operating and using this facility. The commission consists of the representatives of the Ministry of Industry, industrial and oil firms, the main sea ports and Universities as well as of BRGM and CNEXO, which preside in turn every two years over the commission.BRGM is in charge of the management of the Center. Not only geological samples but also related data are stored such as geographical location, depth, weight and number or level, related studies, if any, etc. (the list of published studies is included). The samples and related data are identified by computer cards and are stored in computer files. After verification they are transferred to a data bank which integrates information from the lithotheque, phototheque and data collections for more complete processing. Institutions and persons interested in the cores may request the catalog of the already processed samples or may receive portions of samples for study following approval by the Commission. A copy of the lithotheque was transmitted to the World Data Center for Marine Geology and Geophysics, Boulder for distribution in 1985. More current information is available from BRGM. The data at the WDC (NGDC) include descriptions of approximately 25,000 samples.We estimated in-place resources of 1.07 trillion short tons of coal in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology. Of that total, recoverable coal was 162 billion tons, 25 billion economically recoverable.This dataset contains point features representing the approximate location of tax parcels contained in County Assessor tax rolls. Individual county data was integrated into this statewide publication by the Arkansas Geographic Information Office (AGIO). The Computer Aided Mass Appraisal (CAMA) systems maintained in each county are used to populate the database attributes for each centroid feature. The entity attribute structure conforms to the Arkansas Cadastral Mapping Standard. The digital cadastral data is provided as a publication version that only represents a snapshot of the production data at the time it was received from the county. Published updates may be made to counties throughout the year. These will occur after new data is digitized or updates to existing data are finished. Production versions of the data exist in the various counties where daily and weekly updates occur. Users should consult the BEGIN_DATE attribute column to determine the age of the data for a given county. This column reflects the date when AGIO received the data from the county. Only parcels with an associated Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) record are provided. This means a CAMA record may exist, but no point geometry or vice-versa. Cadastral data is dynamic by its nature; therefore it is impossible for any county to ever be considered complete. The data is NOT topologically enforced. As a statewide integrator, AGIO publishes the data but does not make judgment calls about where points or polygon lines are meant to be located. Therefore each county data set is published without topology rules being enforced. GIS Technicians use best practices such as polygon closure and vertex snapping, however, topology is not built for each county. Users should be aware, by Arkansas Law (15-21-504 2 B) digital cadastral data does not represent legal property boundary descriptions, nor is it suitable for boundary determination of the individual parcels included in the cadastre. Users requiring a boundary determination should consult an Arkansas Registered Land Surveyor (http://www.arkansas.gov/pels/search/search.php) on boundary questions. The digital cadastral data is intended to be a graphical representation of the tax parcel only. Just because a county is listed does NOT imply the data represents county wide coverage. AGIO worked with each county to determine a level of production that warranted the data was ready to be published. For example, in some counties only the north part of the county was covered or in other cases only rural parcels are covered and yet in others only urban parcels. The approach is to begin incremental publishing as production blocks are ready, even though a county may not have county wide coverage. Each case represents a significant amount of data that will be useful immediately. Users should consult the BEGIN_DATE attribute column to determine the age of the data for a given county. This date reflects when the data was received from the county. Digital cadastral data users should be aware the County Assessor Mapping Program adopted a phased approach for developing cadastral data. Phase One includes the production of a parcel centroid for each parcel that bears the attributes prescribed by the state cadastral mapping standard. Phase Two includes the production of parcel polygon geometry and bears the standard attributes. The Arkansas standard closely mirrors the federal Cadastral Core Data Standard established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee, Subcommittee for Cadastral Data. Counties within this file include: Arkansas, Ashley, Baxter, Boone, Carroll, Chicot, Clark, Clay, Columbia, Conway, Craighead, Crawford, Cross, Desha, Faulkner, Franklin, Hot Spring, Howard, Izard, Jackson, Jefferson, Lafayette, Lincoln, Little River, Logan, Lonoke, Madison, Mississippi, Montgomery, Nevada, Newton, Perry, Pike, Poinsett, Polk, Pope, Pulaski, Randolph, Saline, Sebastian, Stone, Van Buren, Washington and White.Search BSCW Shared WorkspacesSearch the current edition of the CatalogAtlassian Confluence Search ProviderThis dataset consists of information about surficial geology and aggregate resource potential, based on geological factors. This work is authorized by Minnesota Statute 84.94.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This project merged recently collected topographic, bathymetric, and acoustic elevation data along the entire California coastline from approximately the 10 meter elevation contour out to California's 3 mile state water's boundary.Topographic LiDAR:The topographic lidar data used in this merged project was the 2009-2011 CA Coastal Conservancy Lidar Project. The data were collected between October 2009 and August 2011. This collection was a joint effort by the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC); the California State Coastal Conservancy (SCC) Ocean Protection Council (OPC); Scripps Institution of Oceanography; and the Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX). The data coverage extends landward 500 m from the shoreline, along the entire California coastline. The LAS classifications are as follows: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise, 9-Water, 10- Mudflats, 12-Overlap. The LAS points were manually re-classified from water and unclassified to ground in offshore areas where necessary.Bathymetric LiDAR: The bathymetric lidar data used in this merged project was 2009-2010 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) lidar, provided by JALBTCX. The data were collected for the California Coastal Mapping Project (CCMP). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. The LAS data were classified as follows: 21-Non-submerged Bathymetry, 22-Bathymetry, 23-Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap.Multibeam Acoustic Data: The acoustic data data used in this merged project were provided by the California Seafloor Mapping Program (CSMP) Ocean Protection Council and NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. NOAA's VDatum software was used to vertically transform soundings from mean lower low water (MLLW) tidal datum to NAVD88 orthometric datum where necessary. The LAS data were classified as follows: 25-Submerged Acoustic, 26-Ignored Submerged Acoustic/Overlap.Upon receipt of the data, the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC) converted some of the classifications for data storage and Digital Coast provisioning purposes. The following are the classifications of data available from the NOAA Digital Coast: 1 - Unclassified, 2 - Ground, 7 - Low point (noise), 9 - Water, 11 - Bathymetry, 12 - Overlap, 13 - Submerged Acoustic, 14 - Non-Submerged Bathymetry, 15 - Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap, 16 - Ignored Submerged Acoustic/OverlapDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordThis map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThis data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 48 full or partial WorldView2 multispectral scenes and the 2005 high-resolution Oahu C-CAP data set. The imagery and base classification were included in a multi-step semi-automated change detection process to extract land cover features in the 2011 imagery.N/AMarkMail Email Search Search through email archives at MarkMailThree consecutive tows of an epibenthic sled fitted with a 365-micron mesh net were used to collect small (1-20 mm) motile animals from just above the bottom of two estuarine tidal creek stations (designated BB and DD) every two weeks at the midday low tide in the North Inlet Estuary, SC. Since previous field studies indicated that stage of tide and time of day affected organism abundance in the epibenthic sled stations, it was necessary to make collections about every 14 days when the same tide stage occurs at the same time of day to keep these variables "constant". Thus, three sequential tows (known as replicates A, B, and C) were made with the same apparatus with the direction of the ebbing current along the same tow path when the end of the ebbing tide occurred near noon. Collections from 1981 through 1984 at a sandy inlet (DD) and a major marsh creek (BB) location allowed for a comparison of two habitat types. Beginning in 1985, only the BB site continued its biweekly triplicate sampling. The same gear, field deployment, and tow path have been used since sample number one, made on January 20, 1981. Physical data including air temperature, surface and bottom water temperature and salinity, dissolved oxygen, and water velocity and light penetration from the waters surface to the bottom at 50 cm intervals were recorded just before the epibenthic collections. These parameters are listed in the EpiPhysicals81-2003 digital file. Pericarid crustaceans (i.e. mysids, amphipods), chaetognaths, hydromedusae, larval shrimps, crabs, and fishes dominated the epibenthic catches. From 1981 through 1984 all organisms were identified under a microscope to species or lowest possible taxa for both sampling sites, BB and DD; larval fish species were measured and counted, and shrimp life stages were noted and counted. Beginning in 1985 with sample 100, the taxa categories counted were merged into fewer categories in order to speed up processing. Samples with a great number of organisms were split before taxa categories were counted. Counts were adjusted by the number of times the sample was split, and then converted to numbers per cubic meter of water filtered before average numbers per sample were calculated.This set of PDF graphic files represents the Minnesota Department of Transportation's County Highway Map Series. The origin of this data is Mn/DOT's Microstation CAD system, where all linework, feature type coding, and symbolization is stored and updated. To produce these graphic files, Mn/DOT exported the data from Microstation into postscript files. LMIC then imported the data into Adobe Acrobat Distiller to create the PDF files. Areal extents of the files mirror the paper maps distributed by Mn/DOT: single maps for small counties, multiple map sheets for larger counties. These files are static and represent the Mn/DOT County Highway Map as of January 1, 2002.A group of known and/or postulated sub-seafloor pools (hydrocarbon accumulations) that share common geologic, geographic, and temporal properties, such as history of hydrocarbon generation, migration, reservoir development, and entrapment. Geologic classifications of each play and its potential are described in the associated reports for each region. The analysis was based on seismic surveys analyzed by BOEM geologists.Research findings and examples of application to real problems--how household contaminants accumulate in and effect the environmentThese reports provide the results of nine years (1990-98) of an annual quantitative monitoring of shallow marine communities inshore of the Sand Island Ocean Outfall, Oahu, Hawaii. This monitoring effort focuses on benthic and fish community structure and is designed to detect changes in these communities. Marine communities offshore of Honolulu have received considerable perturbation over the last 100 years. Dumping of raw sewage in shallow water, which occurred from 1955 to 1977, was halted in 1978; however, point and nonpoint sources of pollution from both urban activities and industry continue. All of these disturbances may serve to obscure any impacts that may be caused by treated effluent discharged from the deep-ocean outfall. The marine communities show a considerable range in development that is probably related to historical impacts. Stations have been located to take advantage of these gradients. Analysis of the nine years of data showed that there has been no statistically significant change in any of the biological parameters measured in this study other than for the mean number of invertebrate species and numbers of individual invertebrates encountered per transect. In these cases the data for 1998 showed significantly greater numbers of species and individuals over other years. These changes are probably the result of higher than usual counts of the Christmas tree worm Spirobranchus giganteus corniculatus, as well as just more invertebrate species present at most stations.Gridded multibeam bathymetry is integrated with gridded LiDAR bathymetry and bathymetry derived from multispectral IKONOS satellite data. Gridded (5 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry collected aboard NOAA Ship Hiialaka'i and R/V AHI. LiDAR/multibeam bathymetry mosiac provided by the U.S. Navy through PIBHMC. Bathymetry values shallower than 25 m were derived by gauging the relative attenuation of blue and green spectral radiance as a function of depth (as gauged by LiDAR data). A multiple linear regression analysis of linearized blue and green band spectral values against depth determined the variables of y-intercept, blue slope and green slope values. Variables then used in multivariate slope intercept formula to derive depth. Variables were adjusted to improve the statistical accuracy and spatial coverage of the final derived bathymetry product. Digital image processing to derive depths conducted with the ENVI 4.5 software program while data editing and integration was performed using ArcGIS 9.3. This dataset is for the shelf environment of Tinian Island, Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas Islands, USA.This file represents the program areas of the Outer Continental Shelf that have been included in the 2017-2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Draft Proposed Program.OHDR has published Admini Units in Guinea on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.EMAG2 is a global Earth Magnetic Anomaly Grid compiled from satellite, ship, and airborne magnetic measurements. It is a significant update of our previous candidate grid for the World Digital Magnetic Anomaly Map. The resolution has been improved from 3 arc-minutes to 2 arc-minutes, and the altitude has been reduced from 5 km to 4 km above the geoid. Additional grid and track line data have been included, both over land and the oceans. Wherever available, the original shipborne and airborne data were used instead of precompiled oceanic magnetic grids. Interpolation between sparse track lines in the oceans was improved by directional gridding and extrapolation, based on oceanic crustal age model. The longest wavelengths (>330 km) were replaced with the latests CHAMP satellite magnetic field model MF6.Description of intensity and magnitude as indicators of the size of an earthquake and the levels of severity measured on the Richter Magnitude Scale and the Modified Mercalli Intensity Scale.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Photos, publicatons and recordbreaking flood peaks from the flood that included 9 states, the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers, and completely inundated 75 towns.Information on aquifers in upstate New York which consist of unconsolidated deposits of sand and gravel that occupy major river and stream valleys or lake plains. Links to aquifer maps at scales 1:24,000 or 1:250,000 and cooperative publications.This data set includes data collected in October 1997 over the Sacramento, CA, floodplain. Laser mapping uses a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and topography. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the beach at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying from the low water line to the landward base of the sand dunes.An interagency program that improves information about natural resources management and environmental protection. The Advisory Committee on Water Information identifies water information needs, evaluates information and recommends improvements.This is an ongoing series of studies to examine the toxicity of various common contaminants that have the potential to affect metabolic homeostasis in salmon. We have completed experiments with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, tributyltin, and bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate. With the current experiment we are examining the effects of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid on juvenile chinook. The experiments examine growth and various physiological parameters related to metabolism and lipid dynamics. All experiments are conducted at environmentally relevant exposure concentrations that fish experience in urban estuaries. Excel spreadsheets - growth values, plasma parameters, lipid contentMexican National Emissions Inventory for Non-Road Sources 1999BasemapLandmarks_GEONAME is derived from the US Geological Survey's National Geographic Names Database (GNIS). The data were obtained by VCGI for distribution.Gridded bathymetry (20m) of the shelf and slope environments of Nihoa Island, Hawaii, USA. The netCDF includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM120, Simrad EM1002 Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 1000 meters.Description of earthquake that was felt in Joshua Tree region (1999) and links to earthquake summary, shaded relief map, aerial photos of the rupture zone, shaking intensity maps, damage reports, and seismograph network map.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. This tile is provided as a digital ortho quarter-quarter-quadrangle (DOQQQ) 1-foot ground resolution, image cast on the State Plane South coordinate system on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQQQ is equivalent to a quarter-quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQQQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic Information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between January 7, 2006 and January 24, 2006.The goal of the Bonaire 2008 expedition is to survey this unique environment over a greater depth range than can be reached with compressed air scuba, using three autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), technical diving, and (in a future year) a manned submersible.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NEFSC bottom trawl survey is a fisheries independent, multi-species survey that provides the primary scientific data for fisheries assessments in the U.S. mid-Atlantic and New England regions. Two bottom trawl surveys are conducted each year, one in the spring and one in the autumn. The survey is a standardized, stratified random design, with stratification based on bathymetry and multiple trawl sites within each stratum. Trawl sites are selected randomly, but the overall ship path is south to north. The survey covers the continental shelf and U.S. exclusive economic zone (EEZ) from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina into the Canadian EEZ. The primary gear is a bottom trawl, with CTD, multifrequency echosounder, and a host of other scientific sensor data collected ancillary to the bottom trawl catches. The last three legs of this cruise have EK60 data that are only collected to 50 m depth and are not archived at NGDC.This program encompasses regional studies of ground water systems, multidisciplinary studies of critical ground water issues, access to ground-water data, and research and methods development.TechDoc SSCTDPUB Search ProviderTIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Employment Website has the information needed to find a job with the USGS.Explains how to use this command-line software to estimate peak flood discharge using indirect measures such as high water marks on trees or buildings.The east side of the northern Alaska Peninsula near Puale Bay and the Iniskin Peninsula of Lower Cook Inlet have long held interest to exploration geologists due to their well developed oil and gas seeps, which spurred on the first active exploration and drilling efforts for petroleum in Alaska. Several oil rushes occurred in the early part of 20th century, primarily in two phases (1902-1905 and 1922-1926) in the area of Puale Bay and Becharof Lake. Unfortunately all of these wells produced only traces of hydrocarbons. Several subsequent deeper wells were drilled in Mesozoic strata of this region and nearby Wide Bay to the south, but like the earlier efforts, did not prove to be economical. Each oil and gas seep from this region is plotted on the map accompanying this report and their coordinates are listed in a table. Original published information concerning the seeps is reproduced. In addition, a single prominent solid hydrocarbon locality cited in the early literature is also discussed. Geochemical data is given for some of the seeps.WMSHydrologic landscape regions (HLRs) in the United States were delineated by using geographic information system (GIS) tools and statistical methods including principal components and cluster analyses. The GIS and statistical analyses were applied to land-surface form, geologic texture (permeability of the soil and bedrock), and climate variables that describe the physical and climatic setting of 43,931 small (roughly 200 square kilometers) watersheds in the United States. The analyses then grouped the watersheds into 20 noncontiguous regions (the HLRs) on the basis of similarities in land-surface form, geologic texture, and climate characteristics. This hydrologic landscape regions dataset contains for each of the 43,931 watersheds the (1) watershed identification number, (2) land-surface form, geologic texture, and climate characteristics for each watershed, and (3) hydrologic landscape region number for each watershed.Overview of aspects of research on pesticides and herbicides in Midwestern rivers with collection of data, results over a period of time, online publications, and bibliography.The 1/3-second Guam Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 1/3-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingAnnual average abundance prediction models were constructed in a study modeling at-sea occurrence and abundance of marine birds.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains and shows data and expertise we were able to provide to Federal agencies and decision makers to help them deal with this difficult situation.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Census tracts are small, relatively permanent statistical subdivisions of a county or equivalent entity, and were defined by local participants as part of the 2010 Census Participant Statistical Areas Program. The Census Bureau delineated the census tracts in situations where no local participant existed or where all the potential participants declined to participate. The primary purpose of census tracts is to provide a stable set of geographic units for the presentation of census data and comparison back to previous decennial censuses. Census tracts generally have a population size between 1,200 and 8,000 people, with an optimum size of 4,000 people. When first delineated, census tracts were designed to be homogeneous with respect to population characteristics, economic status, and living conditions. The spatial size of census tracts varies widely depending on the density of settlement. Physical changes in street patterns caused by highway construction, new development, and so forth, may require boundary revisions. In addition, census tracts occasionally are split due to population growth, or combined as a result of substantial population decline. Census tract boundaries generally follow visible and identifiable features. They may follow legal boundaries such as minor civil division (MCD) or incorporated place boundaries in some States and situations to allow for census tract-to-governmental unit relationships where the governmental boundaries tend to remain unchanged between censuses. State and county boundaries always are census tract boundaries in the standard census geographic hierarchy. In a few rare instances, a census tract may consist of noncontiguous areas. These noncontiguous areas may occur where the census tracts are coextensive with all or parts of legal entities that are themselves noncontiguous. For the 2010 Census, the census tract code range of 9400 through 9499 was enforced for census tracts that include a majority American Indian population according to Census 2000 data and/or their area was primarily covered by federally recognized American Indian reservations and/or off-reservation trust lands; the code range 9800 through 9899 was enforced for those census tracts that contained little or no population and represented a relatively large special land use area such as a National Park, military installation, or a business/industrial park; and the code range 9900 through 9998 was enforced for those census tracts that contained only water area, no land area.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summary of results of Deep Seismic Sounding (DSS) profiles in China with links to a sample DSS profile, contour map of China with crustal thickness, crustal columns and maps showing profile locations and seismic data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Real-time earthquake maps of the conterminous U.S., Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico displaying magnitude and location of earthquake activity in the past hour, past day, and past week.This file contains the location and attributes for station points on the printed digital flood insurance map. The National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) data incorporates all Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map(DFIRM) databases published by FEMA, and any Letters Of Map Revision (LOMRs) that have been issued against those databases since their publication date. The DFIRM Database is the digital, geospatial version of the flood hazard information shown on the published paper Flood Insurance Rate Maps(FIRMs). The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The NFHL data are derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000. The NFHL data contain layers in the Standard DFIRM datasets except for S_Label_Pt and S_Label_Ld. The NFHL is available as State or US Territory data sets. Each State or Territory data set consists of all DFIRMs and corresponding LOMRs available on the publication date of the data set.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 9 sites around Maro Reef in the NW Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during 1 September - 4 October 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0611) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The American Community Survey (ACS) is a nationwide survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau that is designed to provide communities a fresh look at how they are changing. It is a critical element in the Census Bureau's reengineered decennial census program, incorporating the detailed socioeconomic and housing questions that were previously asked on the decennial census long form into the ACS questionnaire. The ACS now collects and produces this detailed population and housing information every year instead of every ten years. Data are collected on an on-going basis throughout the year and are released each year for large geographic areas, those with 65,000 persons or more. However, sample sizes are not large enough for annual releases that cover smaller areas, those with less than 65,000 persons. Data that are suitable for areas with 20,000 to 65,000 persons are accumulated over three years and termed a three-year period estimate, the first of which was for the 2005-2007 period. Data that are suitable for areas with less than 20,000 persons are accumulated over five years and termed a five-year period estimate, the first of which was for the 2005-2009 period. The data in this series of RGIS Clearinghouse tables are for all New Mexico counties and are based on the 2005-2009 ACS Five-Year Period Estimates collected between January 2005 and December 2009. These data tables are a summary of all major economic topics published through the ACS, providing statistics on employment status, commuting to work, occupation, industry, class of worker, household income distributions, household income by type, family income distributions, nonfamily household income, incomes of individuals, and family and person poverty rates. Percentages are shown along with numeric estimates for most data items. Because the data are based on a sample the Census Bureau also provides information about the magnitude of sampling error. Consequently, the estimated margin of error (MOE) is shown next to each data item. Each economic topic is covered in a separate file in both Excel and CSV formats. These files, along with file-specific descriptions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.This part of DS 781 presents data for folds for the geologic and geomorphic map of the Offshore of Pacifica map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Folds_OffshorePacifica.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshorePacifica/data_catalog_OffshorePacifica.html. The Offshore of Pacifica map area straddles the right-lateral transform boundary between the North American and Pacific plates and is cut by several active faults that cumulatively form a distributed shear zone, including the San Andreas Fault, the eastern strand of the San Gregorio Fault, the Golden Gate Fault, and the Potato Patch Fault (sheets 8, 9; Bruns and others, 2002; Ryan and others, 2008). These faults are covered by Holocene sediments (mostly units Qms, Qmsb, Qmst) with no seafloor expression, and are mapped using seismic-reflection data (sheet 8). The San Andreas Fault is the primary plate-boundary structure and extends northwest across the map area; it intersects the shoreline 10 km north of the map area at Pacifica Lagoon, and 3 km south of the map area at Mussel Rock. This section of the San Andreas Fault has an estimated slip rate of 17 to 24 mm/yr (U.S. Geological Survey, 2010), and the devastating Great 1906 California earthquake (M 7.8) is thought to have nucleated on the San Andreas a few kilometers offshore of San Francisco within the map area (sheet 9; Bolt, 1968; Lomax, 2005). The San Andreas Fault forms the boundary between two distinct basement terranes, Upper Jurassic to Lower Cretaceous rocks of the Franciscan Complex to the east, and Late Cretaceous granitic and older metamorphic rocks of the Salinian block to the west. Franciscan Complex rocks (unit KJf, undivided) form seafloor outcrops at and north of Point Lobos adjacent to onland exposures. The Franciscan is divided into 13 different units for the onshore portion of this geologic map based on different lithologies and ages, but the unit cannot be similarly divided in the offshore because of a lack of direct observation and (or) sampling. Folds were primarily mapped by interpretation of seismic reflection profile data (see S-15-10-NC and F-2-07-NC). The seismic reflection profiles were collected between 2007 and 2010. References Cited Bolt, B.A., 1968, The focus of the 1906 California earthquake: Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, v. 58, p. 457 471. Bruns, T.R., Cooper, A.K., Carlson, P.R., and McCulloch, D.S., 2002, Structure of the submerged San Andreas and San Gregorio fault zones in the Gulf of Farallones as inferred from high-resolution seismic-reflection data, in Parsons, T. (ed.), Crustal structure of the coastal and marine San Francisco Bay region, California: U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 1658, p. 77 117. Lomax, A., 2005, A reanalysis of the hypocentral location and related observations for the Great 1906 California earthquake: Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, v. 95, p. 861 877. Ryan, H.F., Parsons, T., and Sliter, R.W., 2008. Vertical tectonic deformation associated with the San Andreas fault zone offshore of San Francisco, California. Tectonophysics, 429 (1-2), p. 209 224. U.S. Geological Survey and California Geological Survey, 2010, Quaternary fault and fold database for the United States, accessed April 5, 2012, from USGS website: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/hazards/qfaults/.Animated WaterWatch streamflow maps showing daily highs and lows.By attaching data loggers to bats, we found bats infected with white-nose syndrome awoke from hibernation more frequently, which may contribute to increased mortality.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.34(a)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Seasonal and area closures designed to protect Gulf reef fish, Closure provisions applicable to the Madison and Swanson sites, and Steamboat Lumps, and the Edges, as of 07/01/13.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The highest-hit digital surface models (DSM) represent the earth's surface with all vegetation and human-made structures included.Marine Geologic data compilations and reports in the NGDC archive are from academic and government sources around the world. Over eight terabytes of analyses, descriptions, and images of sediment and rock from the sea floor and lakebeds are available. Examples of data available include sediment/rock composition, physical properties, petrology/mineralogy, geochemistry, paleontology, paleomagnetism, x-rays, photographs, and other imagery. All reports and data, regardless of format, are accessible via the Marine Geology Digital Inventory and/or linked to the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples (IMLGS). Searches offer free, immediate download of digital data, many images, and .PDF reports, and information on how to obtain full-resolution images from the archive, and order CD-ROMs, microfilm, or oversize charts. Some larger data sets, including the IMLGS, have their own web interfaces. The IMLGS provides searches of sea floor and lakebed cores, grabs, dredges, and drill samples available from sample repositories at partner institutions, with links to browse and download related information from NGDC and other sources.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Cadastral PLSS Standardized Data - PLSSIntersected (Tucumcari) - Version 1.1 (88ab55e3-d714-45ee-a6de-aec4d559bb01)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ArcIMS 9.2.0 SOOP Web Map ServiceHourly measurements made by selected ship sensors on the R/V Seward Johnson during the "Investigating the Charleston Bump 2003" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 2 through August 16, 2003. Measurements include ship's position and heading, air temperature, relative humidity, barometric pressure, wind speed and direction, depth, total solar irradiance, chlorophyll-a (fluorometer), sea surface temperature, and salinity. This data set was compiled from Virtual Instrument Data System (VIDS) ASCII files provided by the University of Miami Marine Technology Group at Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Global Forecast System (GFS) is a weather forecast model produced by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP). Dozens of atmospheric and land-soil variables are available through this dataset, from temperatures, winds, and precipitation to soil moisture and atmospheric ozone concentration. The entire globe is covered by the GFS at a base horizontal resolution of 18 miles (28 kilometers) between grid points, which is used by the operational forecasters who predict weather out to 16 days in the future. Horizontal resolution drops to 44 miles (70 kilometers) between grid point for forecasts between one week and two weeks. The GFS model is a coupled model, composed of four separate models (an atmosphere model, an ocean model, a land/soil model, and a sea ice model), which work together to provide an accurate picture of weather conditions. Changes are regularly made to the GFS model to improve its performance and forecast accuracy. This dataset is run four times daily at 00z, 06z, 12z and 18z out to 192 hours with a 0.5 degree horizontal resolution and a 3 hour temporal resolution.USGS high resolution orthorectified images from The National Map combine the image characteristics of an aerial photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. An orthoimage is a uniform-scale image where corrections have been made for feature displacement such as building tilt and for scale variations caused by terrain relief, sensor geometry, and camera tilt. A mathematical equation based on ground control points, sensor calibration information, and a digital elevation model is applied to each pixel to rectify the image to obtain the geometric qualities of a map. A digital orthoimage may be created from several photographs mosaicked to form the final image. The source imagery may be black-and-white, natural color, color infrared, or color near infrared (4-band) with a pixel resolution of 1-meter or finer. With orthoimagery, the resolution refers to the distance on the ground represented by each pixel.WMSThe USGS Imagery Topo Large service from The National Map (TNM) is a dynamic topographic base map service that combines the best available data (Boundaries, Elevation, Geographic Names, Hydrography, Land Cover, Structures, and Transportation with Orthoimagery) that make up The National Map. Contours generated for the US Topo product are visible along with other data at scales of 1:13,500 and larger. This product is designed to provide a seamless view of the data in a geographic information system (GIS) accessible format, closely resembling The National Map US Topo GeoPDF product at large scales.Trace elements are inorganic chemicals occurring in small amounts in nature. This web site of the National Water Quality Assessment links to U.S. data, publications, news, and other sites on trace metals, metalloids and radionuclides in water.In the fall of 2011, the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and the University of Maine received funding to conduct biological sampling and age and growth analysis on Atlantic bluefin tuna. Biological samples were collected from Atlantic bluefin tuna landed by the commercial and recreational fisheries in New England. Due to the timing of this award, the authors used these funds to sample Atlantic bluefin tuna from 1 Sept 2011 to 8 Oct 2011 and through the 2012 bluefin commercial season, 1 Jun to 7 Nov 2012. They combined fish sampled from this award with samples collected from the two previous years, projects supported by other funding sources. The total number of fish sampled has increased year to year with a total of 334, 493 and 692 fish sampled for years 2010, 2011, and 2012 respectively. Since the timing of the award was out of phase with the bluefin tuna sampling season, researchers conducted age and growth analysis on samples previously collected in 2010 and 2011. This research project sought to collect representative biological samples from juvenile and adult bluefin tuna to support age and growth analysis as well as reproductive status for integration into stock assessment for western Atlantic bluefin tuna.N/AThe majority of this dataset is data generated as part of a CCW funded PhD for the University of Wales Swansea by Lucy Smith known as Carmarthen Bay infauna scoter project. It also includes data related to a University of Wales Swansea MSc Environmental biology dissertation entitled 'Common Scoter, Melanitta nigra in their wintering habitats; an investigation into the factors influencing their finer scale distribution'Site explains the general bedrock geology of the Yosemite Valley area.Fish larvae counts and standardized counts for larvae captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero larvae were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The "Larvae Counts Positive Tows" table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user.A short-lived sudden increase in the intensity or radiation emitted in the neighborhood of sunspots monitored in H-alpha.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemConsistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Guidelines for correct tsunami response and community preparedness from local emergency managers, first-responders, and leading experts on tsunami hazards and warnings.WMSLEOs Italienisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Italienisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Italienischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.WMSOBIS-USA provides aggregated, interoperable biogeographic data collected primarily from U.S. waters and oceanic regions--the Arctic, the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico and the Great Lakes. It provides access to datasets from state and federal agencies as well as educational and research institutions. OBIS-USA handles both specimen-based data and survey results. Survey data come from recovered archives and current research activities. The datasets document where and when species were observed or collected, bringing together marine biogeographic data that are spatially, taxonomically, and temporally comprehensive. The public OBIS-USA site (http://www.usgs.gov/obis-usa) provides actual data contents as well as summary data about what is contained in each dataset to assist users in evaluating suitability for use. Current functionality allows the user to locate, view, and aggregate the datasets and FGDC compliant metadata as well as to view and search the taxonomic, geographic, and temporal extent. To promote data interoperability, the data are available in accordance with the marine-focused implementation of the Darwin Core data standard. In addition to basic download functions (tab-delimited), OBIS-USA offers web services for query flexibility and a wide range of output formats, such as kml, NetCDF, MATLAB, json, and graph or map output, to enable diverse types of scientific and geospatial data use and analysis platforms and products. OBIS-USA's two web services (ERDDAP and GeoServer) enable integration of OBIS-USA biogeographic data with other data types, such as seafloor geology, physical oceanography, water chemistry, and climate data. The NOAA Environmental Research Division Data Access Program(ERRDDAP) enables users to query scientific data by flexible parameters and obtain output in many formats. Access can be found at http://www1.usgs.gov/erddap/tabledap/AllMBG.html . OBIS-USA uses the tabledap component of ERDDAP to access Darwin-Core-type tabular spatial data; tabledap is a superset of the OPeNDAP DAP constraint protocol. OBIS-USA offers an ESRI REST Service with access to Darwin-Core-type point data at http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/OBISUSA/OBIS_USA_All_Marine_Biogeographic_Records/MapServer/ and an OGC compliant Web Mapping Service (wms) http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/services/OBISUSA/OBIS_USA_All_Marine_Biogeographic_Records/MapServer/WMSServer?request=GetCapabilities=WMS. OBIS-USA and collaborators are further deploying the Darwin Core standard to capture richer information, such as absence and abundance, observations on effort, individual tracking, and more advanced biogeography capabilities. Data are accepted into OBIS-USA from the data originator or holder, minimizing the burden on the participant. OBIS-USA works with data providers to understand the best process to transfer the data, review the data prior to their release, gather comprehensive metadata, and then allow public access to this information. Becoming part of the OBIS-USA network is intended to have tangible benefits for participants, for example, freeing the participant from responding to requests for data and alleviating security concerns since users do not directly access the participant's computers.This digitally compiled map includes geology, oil and gas field centerpoints, geologic provinces, and major faults of Iran with some of these components extended into geographically adjacent areas. This digital compilation is an interim product of the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project (WEP) and part of a series on CD-ROM. The goal of the WEP is to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world and report the result of this assessment in the year 2000. For data management purposes, the world was divided into eight energy regions corresponding approximately to the economic regions of the world as defined by the U.S. Department of State. Each world energy region was then further divided into geologic provinces on the basis of natural geologic entities and may include a dominant geologic structural element or a number of contiguous elements. Some provinces contain multiple, genetically-related basins. Geologic province boundaries for Iran were delineated using data from different geologic maps, publications, and other tectonic and geographic data. Each province was assigned a unique number; the first digit is the region number. An attempt was made to number the provinces in geographical order or groups with numbering starting at the Arabian Shield (see Pollastro and others, 1998). The list of provinces sorted by number is shown to the right of the map. Centerpoints of oil and gas fields are shown and were plotted with permission from Petroconsultants International Data Corporation, 1996 worldwide oil and gas field database. Allocation of field data to geologic provinces provided a ranking of the provinces by total known petroleum volume (see Klett and others, 1997). The WEP further characterizes the geologic provinces by petroleum system and assessment units in order to assess the undiscovered petroleum volume. Specific details of map and data sources, and the procedure used in the compilation of this geologic map of Iran are given in the metadata file and described briefly in the text below. Stratigraphic subdivisions of Phanerozoic rocks were combined to simplify the geology and maintain consistency with other maps in this series. Precambrian rocks are undivided. This map was compiled using Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc.(ESRI) ARC/INFO software. Political boundaries and cartographic representations are used, with permission, from ESRI's ArcWorld 1:3M digital coverages, have no political significance, and are displayed for general reference only.This dataset contains polygons and attributes which represent the voting precincts for the counties in the State of Arkansas. It includes the precinct name or number assigned by each County Election Commission following the redistricting process. The data was generated following the release of the 2010 Census data and was finalized in 2012. During the redistricting process a number of administrative boundaries were redrawn. The voting precincts include mulitpart polygons that are not contiguous in some counties. The compilation of this data is an effort of the Secretary of State to aid in election administration and future redistricting.This data set describes the potential threat of sediment delivery and land-based sources of pollution to benthic habitats. This dataset is derived from NOAA's study, the Benthic Habitats of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Benthic Habitats data is the result of a cooperative effort between NOAA's National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science (NCCOS), U.S. Geological Survey, National Park Service, and the National Geophysical Data Center, to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for Puerto Rico. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Census tracts are small, relatively permanent statistical subdivisions of a county or equivalent entity, and were defined by local participants as part of the 2010 Census Participant Statistical Areas Program. The Census Bureau delineated the census tracts in situations where no local participant existed or where all the potential participants declined to participate. The primary purpose of census tracts is to provide a stable set of geographic units for the presentation of census data and comparison back to previous decennial censuses. Census tracts generally have a population size between 1,200 and 8,000 people, with an optimum size of 4,000 people. When first delineated, census tracts were designed to be homogeneous with respect to population characteristics, economic status, and living conditions. The spatial size of census tracts varies widely depending on the density of settlement. Physical changes in street patterns caused by highway construction, new development, and so forth, may require boundary revisions. In addition, census tracts occasionally are split due to population growth, or combined as a result of substantial population decline. Census tract boundaries generally follow visible and identifiable features. They may follow legal boundaries such as minor civil division (MCD) or incorporated place boundaries in some States and situations to allow for census tract-to-governmental unit relationships where the governmental boundaries tend to remain unchanged between censuses. State and county boundaries always are census tract boundaries in the standard census geographic hierarchy. In a few rare instances, a census tract may consist of noncontiguous areas. These noncontiguous areas may occur where the census tracts are coextensive with all or parts of legal entities that are themselves noncontiguous. For the 2010 Census, the census tract code range of 9400 through 9499 was enforced for census tracts that include a majority American Indian population according to Census 2000 data and/or their area was primarily covered by federally recognized American Indian reservations and/or off-reservation trust lands; the code range 9800 through 9899 was enforced for those census tracts that contained little or no population and represented a relatively large special land use area such as a National Park, military installation, or a business/industrial park; and the code range 9900 through 9998 was enforced for those census tracts that contained only water area, no land area.Search -Highlights research studies involving genetics and genomics, includes a glossary of terms on the subject, a directory of scientists involved in this type of work, and description of research facilities through which USGS carries out genetic studiesWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of six-inch pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.Environmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) maps are an integral component in oil-spill contingency planning and assessment. They serve as a source of information in the event of an oil spill incident. ESI maps contain three types of information: shoreline habitats (classified according to their sensitivity to oiling), sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources. Most often, this information is plotted on 7.5 minute USGS quadrangles, although in the Alaska ESI maps, USGS topographic maps at scales of 1:63,360 and 1:250,000 are used, and in other ESI maps, NOAA charts have been used as the base map. Collections of these maps, grouped by state or a logical geographic area, are published as ESI atlases. Digital data have been published for most of the U.S. shoreline, including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.This image represents a 2 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the bank and shelf south of St. John, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (400 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Hypack 2011 Geocoder software. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are ostensibly an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Provides leadership for USGS geospatial coordination, production and service activities.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Complex geographic information can be analyzed with mathematical models to show us the spatial patterns of human building, vegetation growth, and other landscape characteristics that may result from environmental changes we may expect in the future.The CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, andPrediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation aspart of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE) Program. The CLIMAP 18k bp sediment data files were compiled by Oregon State University, and include the work of several major institutions. The files contain micropaleontology in the form of faunal counts of diatoms, planktonic foraminifera, coccoliths, and radiolaria, as well as stratigraphy (percent fine, coarse, total carbonate, oxygen 18 and carbon 13), and geochemistry (percent opal, quartz, and organic carbon), and inferred sea surface temperatures for 635 ocean sediment cores. Data are primarily from the period 18,000 years bp to the present. Time data give upper and lower samples depths, technique, and C14 dates (for total sample, coarse fraction, and fine fraction). Age estimates are given in thousands of years with upper and lower age error estimates. In addition, each data records contains station information. The CLIMAP 18k data set is available for direct download via the NGDC Web server.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Search the Debian website.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. For this dataset, the true color orthoimages were produced at Half Foot GSD.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of land derived from scanned black and white aerial photographs and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 21 full historic scenes that were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Saipan, CNMI.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWFS Service for RGIS dataset Harding County 2010 Census Block Groups (229d4dbd-deb4-4817-a3ce-5e68a964da93)N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateTown level housing data for Vermont. Initial funding for much of this data was provided by the Vermont Forum on Indicators Online (VFOS). VCGI has collected and added additional items to enhance the initial dataset.The dataset represents the boundaries of all public school districts in the state of New Mexico. The source for the data layer is the New Mexico Public Education Department School District Boundary Atlas.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The Rail Network is a comprehensive database of the nation's railway system at 1:24,000 to 1:100,000 scale (NTAD 2014). The data set covers all 50 States plus the District of ColumbiaLand Cover Map 2007 (LCM2007) is a parcel-based thematic classification of satellite image data covering the entire United Kingdom. The map updates and upgrades the Land Cover Map of Great Britain (LCMGB) 1990 and LCM2000. Like the earlier 1990 and 2000 products, LCM2007 is derived from a computer classification of satellite scenes obtained mainly from Landsat, IRS and SPOT sensors. It also covers Northern Ireland and incorporates information derived from other ancillary datasets. LCM2007 was classified using a nomenclature corresponding to the Joint Nature Conservation Committee (JNCC) Broad Habitats, which encompasses the entire range of UK habitats. In addition, it recorded further detail where possible and incorporating land cover classes sought by other users. LCM2007 is produced in both vector and raster formats, with a number of different versions containing varying levels of detail and at different spatial resolutions. Product consists of the dominant Target Class per 1km square, raster dataset (Northern Ireland only).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Research and monitoring to develop fundamental understanding of ecosystem function and distributions, physical and biological components and trophic dynamics for freshwater, terrestrial, and marine ecosystems and the human and fish and wildlife communitieWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Physical factors, such as the slope of the land, the texture of the soil, and the precipitation regime influence erosion in an area. Parts of Puerto Rico are very steep and erosion-prone. In addition, the nature of the soil and intense rainfall events promote severe erosion in these areas. Erosion can be extreme in exposed areas (cleared for a road or residential construction, or where soil is exposed due to cropping patterns or agricultural cycle.)Research projects intended to create regional and national data that conform to conditions predicted by general circulation models, so that land and wildlife managers can understand the likely consequences of climatic changes in their areas of study.This dataset is a compilation of oil and gas exploration wellheaders compiled by the Idaho Geological Survey, published as a Web feature service, a web map service, an ESRI service, and as a set of Excel worksheets for the National Geothermal Data System. The downloadable workbook contains 8 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template, Resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Data from 148 oil and gas exploration wells are included. Fields in the data table include HeaderURI, WellName , APINo, OtherID, OtherName, BoreholeName, ParentWellURI, Operator, MineralOwner, Driller, LeaseName, SpudDate, EndedDrillingDate, DrillingMethod, WellType, Status, CommodityOfInterest, StatusDate, Function, Production , ProducingInterval , ReleaseDate, County, State, Field, OtherLocationName, PLSS_Meridians, TWP, RGE, Section, SectionPart, Parcel, UTM_E, UTM_N, UTMDatumZone, LatDegree, LongDegree, SRS, LocationUncertaintyStatement, LocationUncertaintyCode, LocationUncertaintyRadius, DrillerTotalDepth, DepthReferencePoint, LengthUnits, WellBoreShape, TrueVerticalDepth, ElevationKB, ElevationDF, ElevationGL, FormationTD, BitDiameterCollar, BitDiameterTD, DiameterUnits, RelatedResource, Notes, CasingBottomDepthDriller, CasingTopDepth, CasingPipeDiameter, CasingWeight, CasingWeightUnits, CasingThickness, InformationSource.WMS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census American Indian (e6a29139-f23a-4068-8899-17b1c6a57417)The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis file is based on the OCS Marine Survey Group Official Protraction Diagram (OPD). Each offshore area is defined by an API Number corresponding to those in the API Bulletin Number D12A. OPDs are numbered using the United Nations International Map of the World Numbering System, and are generally named for land or hydrographic features contained within the limits of the diagram. This data set contains Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) outlines in ESRI Arc/Info export and Arc/View shape file formats for the BOEM Gulf of Mexico Region. The use of OPDs makes it easier to refer to individual blocks within a region or planning area. These OPD diagrams were clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along lines contained in the Continental Shelf Boundaries (CSB) GIS data files to show only those blocks or portions thereof within federal jurisdiction. Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact OPD boundaries. Only the paper OPD or a digital image of them serves as OFFICIAL records.Official Protraction Diagrams and other cadastre information the BOEM produces are generated in accordance with 30 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) 256.8 to support Federal land ownership and mineral resource management. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/uploadedFiles/BOEM/Oil_and_Gas_Energy_Program/Mapping_and_Data/99-0006.pdfBecause GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles cannot represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions. Contains the protraction polygons clipped on the fedstate (SLA-Boundary) as of March 15, 2013. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files. Shape files put at \\\\\\\\imsnolna04\\\\le\\\\shared\\\\GISPublicInfo.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The North America Shaded Relief data were derived from the GTOPO30 elevation data. GTOPO30 is a global digital elevation model (DEM) with a horizontal grid spacing of 30 arc seconds (approximately 1 kilometer). GTOPO30 was derived from several raster and vector sources of topographic information. It was developed between 1993 and 1996 through a collaborative effort led by staff at the U.S. Geological Survey's EROS Data Center (EDC). The following organizations participated by contributing funding or source data: the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the United Nations Environment Programme/Global Resource Information Database (UNEP/GRID), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the Instituto Nacional de Estadistica Geografica e Informatica (INEGI) of Mexico, the Geographical Survey Institute (GSI) of Japan, Manaaki Whenua Landcare Research of New Zealand, and the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). This file is a replacement for the January 2003 map layer. This map layer was previously distributed as North America Shaded Relief.WellLogs in the state of OklahomaThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemDetailed information about how water is used in Alabama by type of use and geographic area.This data layer depicts US Army Corps of Engineers land tract data and tracts aquired for the Oahe Dam Civil Works Project on the Missouri River in North Dakota. Update 7/19/2013: Omaha District updates to geometry of Bowman Haley Reservoir and Pipestem Lake.Short description of techniques used to monitor migration patterns and behavior of bats in New Mexico.Search tool for locating lithologic and geochronologic unit names for geologic studies.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD09 data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to incorporate previously developed mapping methods to produce coral reef habitat maps for American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. GPS field observations were used to establish the thematic accuracy of this thematic product. 1113 benthic habitat characterizations were completed for this work.Portal UPCommons Portal UPCommons DSpace repositoryThe Severe Weather Data Inventory (SWDI) is an integrated database of severe weather records for the United States. SWDI enables a user to search through a variety of source data sets in the NCDC archive in order to find records covering a particular time period and geographic region, and then to download the results of the search in a variety of formats. The formats currently supported are Shapefile (for GIS), KMZ (for Google Earth), CSV (comma-separated), and XML. The current data layers in SWDI are: Storm Cells from NEXRAD (Level-III Storm Structure Product); Hail Signatures from NEXRAD (Level-III Hail Product); Mesocyclone Signatures from NEXRAD (Level-III Meso Product); Digital Mesocyclone Detection Algorithm from NEXRAD (Level-III MDA Product); Tornado Signature from NEXRAD (Level-III TVS Product); Preliminary Local Storm Reports from the NOAA National Weather Service; Lightning Strikes from Vaisala NLDN.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSCIESINThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We mapped substantial migration of the river channel between the City of Winslow and the Navajo Nation community of Leupp; in a human lifetime the river has moved more than a mile across its valley floor.Geologic mapping of the Massachusetts inner continental shelf is a cooperative effort that was initiated in 2003 by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management (CZM). The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA-NOS) is also an important partner and contributes hydrographic data that are integrated into the maps. The overall goal of this cooperative is to determine the geologic framework of the seafloor inside the 3-mile limit of State waters, using high-resolution geophysical techniques, sediment sampling, and seafloor photography. Water depths in the study area range from about 5 m (16 ft) along the coast to 90 m (295 ft) in offshore areas. From 2003-2008, this project has mapped approximately 1375 km (530 mi) of seafloor extending from the MA/NH border to northern Cape Cod Bay.Atlassian JIRA Search ProviderWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains the concept, probabilistic nature, and inherent uncertainties of the 100-year flood to those who are unfamiliar with this concept.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are defined before tabulation block delineation and numbering, but are clusters of blocks within the same census tract that have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, Census 2000 tabulation blocks 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within Census 2000 tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. Census 2000 BGs generally contained between 600 and 3,000 people, with an optimum size of 1,500 people. Most BGs were delineated by local participants in the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP). The Census Bureau delineated BGs only where the PSAP participant declined to delineate BGs or where the Census Bureau could not identify any local PSAP participant. A BG usually covers a contiguous area. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tract. Within the standard census geographic hierarchy, BGs never cross county or census tract boundaries, but may cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs coded 0 were intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. For Census 2000, rather than extending a census tract boundary into the Great Lakes or out to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit, the Census Bureau delineated some census tract boundaries along the shoreline or just offshore. The Census Bureau assigned a default census tract number of 0 and BG of 0 to these offshore, water-only areas not included in regularly numbered census tract areas.This map layer contains a natural-earth image of the conterminous United States. The image is land cover in natural colors combined with shaded relief, which produces a naturalistic rendition of the Earth's surface. The data set is in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection. The Natural Earth data were produced from existing National Atlas land cover, tree canopy, elevation, and satellite view data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data set contains 5000 by 5000 feet digital orthophotography mosaics. The digital orthophotos in this series have a nominal ground resolution of 0.5 meters. The digital orthophoto mosaics are four band, 12-bit GeoTIFFs and are color balanced to be uniform while still maintaining as much of the original color and appearance as practical. The source imagery was flown on June 28 and 30, 2012 with a Z/I DMC camera. The primary project area includes the entire shoreline of Rhode Island including the coastal ponds or lagoons that are found on the south shore. The shoreline of Block Island is also included in this project. This area includes approximately 943 square kilometers of intertidal and sub tidal habitats.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. Quarter Quadrangles of ArkansasFile 100-011b is a 60-m ASCII grid of depth data collected near Kure Atoll in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as of May 2003. This grid has been produced as part of the "Bathymetric Atlas of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands -- A Planning Document for Benthic Habitat Mapping -- Draft -- May 2003. Data sources for the downloadable grids include: multibeam bathymetry from Simrad EM1002 and EM120 sonars aboard the R/V Kilo Moana collected in October/November 2003; multibeam bathymetry data from a SeaBeam 210 sonar aboard the R/V Kai'imikai-O-Kanaloa collected in 2000-2002; LIDAR data obtained using the LADS MK II lidar system; and depth data derived from IKONOS satellite imagery. No tidal corrections have been applied to the data. The data source location for each type of data is indicated in the "dot plot" browse objects. Additional single-beam bathymetric data are available in this area and are indicated on the 100-011b Plot C browse object, but these less accurate depths are not included in the downloadable grid. Multibeam data were processed using SABER editing software and MBSystem and multibeam, LIDAR and IKONOS data were integrated using MBSystem, and GMT. Grid spacing is 60-m, horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information platform concerning Remote Sensing for Conservation and Biodiversity ResearchDaily updates from the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer during expeditions from 2010 to the present time. These cruises were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research. Daily updates are informational status updates provided during an expedition that include a link to a photograph.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We applied a groundwater model to simulate effects of groundwater pumping and artificial recharge on surface water in this area. Results show effects of pumping or recharge on streamflow.This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of Bajo De Cico, Puerto Rico. XYZ values are derived from a 5 m resolution gridding process. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 4/14/07 to 4/24/07. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 (95 kHz) multibeam echosounder. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x using an XYZ to raster tool. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Critical habitat (CH) is designated for the survival and recovery of species listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). Critical habitat includes those areas occupied by the species, on which are found physical and biological features that are essential to the conservation of an ESA listed species and which may require special management considerations or protection. Critical habitat may also include unoccupied habitat if the Secretary determines that the unoccupied habitat is essential for the conservation of the species. Critical habitat is designated by regulation at the time a species is listed under the ESA unless it is not prudent to do so or it is not determinable at the time. If it is not determinable, then NMFS must designate CH no later than one year after publication of a final listing. After identifying areas that meet the definition of CH, NMFS conducts an analysis to determine whether the economic, national security, or other relevant impacts of designating some areas as CH outweigh the benefits to the species. If so, NMFS may exclude such areas from the final CH designation. Each proposed and final regulation is published in the Federal Register. The final CH designation is also published in the Code of Federal Regulations (50 CFR 226).WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We put seismic monitoring instruments into 20 VA hospital buildings, connected with computers that analyze their data to determine rapidly the structural health of the buildings in the event of earthquakes.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on adaptive management methodsNOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Online world map with booklet (PDF format) giving an account of plate tectonics, volcanology, earthquake activity, and impact craters.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search University of Tennessee Event Calendar Events.**Please note, this dataset has been superseded by a newer version (see below). Users should not use this version except in rare cases (e.g., when reproducing previous studies that used this version).** This Fundamental Climate Data Record (CDR) contains radio occulation (RO) calibrated brightness temperatures from the Advanced Microwave Sounding Unit-A (AMSU-A) channel 9 measurements at 57.3 GHz from 2001 to 2010 on a 2.5 degree grid. The RO satellites measure the bending angle of GPS signals as they pass through the atmosphere. Temperature profiles are derived from these GPS bending angles from the COSMIC and CHAMP data from 2001 to 2010. Version 2010.2640 of the RO mission data from the UCAR COSMIC Data Analysis and Archival Center (CDAAC) were used for the calibration. Data are partitioned into monthly anomalies, where each month contains measurements from NOAA-15, 16, 17, 18, 19, NASA AQUA and Metop-A. A climatology file for 2001 to 2010 complements the anomaly files.The National Park Service (NPS), in conjunction with the Biological Resources Division (BRD) of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), has implemented a program to "develop a uniform hierarchical vegetation methodology" at a national level. The program will also create a geographic information system (GIS) database for the parks under its management. The purpose of the data is to document the state of vegetation within the NPS service area during the 1990's, thereby providing a baseline study for further analysis at the Regional or Service-wide level. The vegetation units of this map were determined through stereoscopic interpretation of aerial photographs supported by field sampling and ecological analysis. The vegetation boundaries were identified on the photographs by means of the photographic signatures and collateral information on slope, hydrology, geography, and vegetation in accordance with the Standardized National Vegetation Classification System (October 1995). The mapped vegetation reflects conditions that existed during the specific year and season that the aerial photographs were taken (spring - 1996 and fall - 1994). There is an inherent margin of error in the use of aerial photography for vegetation delineation and classification.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ArcIMS 9.2.0 Argo Web Map ServiceTemperature profile were collected using moored CTD in the Chukchi Sea from 24 September 1993 to 03 September 1996. Data were collected and submitted by University of Alaska /Institute of Marine Sciences with support from the Circulation of the N. Central Chukchi Sea Shelf project.ESIRC ESIRC DSpace repositoryBelt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 8 sites at Saipan in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 12 - 22 May 2007 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0702) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesDepicts estimates of the annual average wind resource (speed) for the United States. Annual average wind speeds are closely related to the available energy at a particular location and are categorized by their value at a height of 90m above the surface. Modifications to preliminary 90m wind speed model outputs were based on extrapolation of 50m validation results. This adds some uncertainty to the final potential estimates, but should not significantly affect the scope of the offshore potential. The horizontal resolution of the model output is 200m and values are measured in meters per second (m/s).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Eclipsepedia (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.3-7 and 8-14 Precipitation, Temperature, Wildfire and Drought HazardsScience Blog from the SDSS Search Science Blog from the SDSS - News from the Sloan Digital Sky SurveysThe GOES Solar X-ray Imager is integrated into the GOES-12 satellite, whose primary mission is to provide Earth-weather monitoring. The SXI is operated by NOAA's National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS). NOAA's Space Environment Center (SEC) receives the telemetry stream directly from SXI, processes the data, and integrates the observations into their space weather alert and forecast services. The data are sent in real time to NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) where they are immediately made available to the public, and preserved in a secure archive for future research.SXi was launched in with GOES-M on Juy 23, 2001 Post Launch Test data were available from August - December 2001.SXI officially entered operations in April 2003.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderMathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.ViRBO (English)WMSOHDR has published Airports and Airfields in Liberia as of 2007 on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on lake ecosystemsA large collection of photographs showing the historic flooding of the upper Mississippi River near LaCrosse, Wisconsin and points south during April of 2001. Includes video footage as well.Geochemical analysis of water samples to provide a pre-reclamation assessment of seasonal variations of acid and metal concentrations in Knight's Branch help evaluate the reclamation project.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.Main site for Landsat missions, which provide information about land surface features of the earth. Includes imagery, links to general and technical information, ordering of data, and partners.Search the Debian website.These files contain topographic and bathymetric lidar data collected by the Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey (CHARTS) system along the coastline of the island of Isle Royale, Michigan in Lake Superior. CHARTS integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, a digital camera and a hyperspectral scanner on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inland 500 meters (topography) and offshore 1,000 meters or to laser extinction (bathymetry). The topographic lidar sensor has a pulse repetition rate of 9 kHz at 1064 nm (near-infrared wavelength). The bathymetric lidar sensor has a pulse repetition rate of 1 kHz at 532 nm (green wavelength). Native lidar data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages are used to process the native lidar data into 3-dimensional positions that can be imported into GIS software for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions were referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model was used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The positions are relative to NAD83 in decimal degrees of longitude and latitude. The heights were converted from ellipsoid to orthometric heights (NAVD88) using the Geoid03 model with the results in meters. Once converted to geoid heights, the data were then converted to IGLD85 using the VDatum program from NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration). The NOAA Coastal Services center received the data and converted the hydro files from IGLD85 heights to NAVD88 heights using VDatum. The heights were then converted to ellipsoid heights using Geoid03. The topo files were converted from NAVD88 heights to ellipsoid heights using Geoid03. These files were converted for data storage and Digital Coast provisioning purposes.The goal of this project is to quantify, at the National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation&amp;apos;s coast to sea- level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables coastal geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tidal range, wave height, historical rates of relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables furnishes a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.HLY 13-03 was a familiar mission that continued our efforts from HLY 12-03, beginning and ending in Dutch Harbor, AK. Throughout the mission we remained primarily in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas, but travelled as far east as Franklin Bay in Amundsen Gulf and conducted deployments and recoveries of subsurface moorings, benthic bottom profiling, CTD casts and the occasional Van Veen Grab.These files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing places. This dataset includes legal entities, statistical entities, dependent and independent places, corporate corridors and offset corporate boundaries.WMS Service for RGIS dataset Aquifers (3205beb6-3406-4293-adef-a59ff0575965)Scientific presentations and papers about geologic, geophysical, and hydrologic studies of karst areas in the U.S.Links to information on the formation and structure of Chesapeake Bay including online reports, recent field work, field work archives, cooperating agencies, bibliography, and links to articles about other terrestrial impact craters.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The Surface Temperature and Humidity Reference (SURTHREF) system is intended to provide accurate reference values of ambient temperature and relative humidity for comparison with radiosonde prelaunch values at the Southern Great Plains site.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific Collaborationis responsive to employer and worker needs, flexible to the changing environment and driven by principles of quality, continuous improvement, customer satisfaction and fiscal responsibility.This data set contains analytical data from samples acquired from the Baltimore Canyon (Mid-Atlantic) area of the Outer Continental Shelf, U.S. East Coast, by the U.S. Geological Survey, Office of Marine Geology, Woods Hole, Mass., during the first year of environmental assessment work funded by the Bureau of Land Management (June 1975 - August 1976), on cruises of the ships Atlantis II, Advance II, Columbus Iselin, Pierce, and Gillis. The data set contains ten files. The first file ("station data") contains location and collection documentation for the subsequent files which contain the various analytical data. Data files include: baltcanyon.1.txt - collection documentation, baltcanyon.2.txt - grain size of sediments, baltcanyon.3.txt - high molecular weight hydrocarbons, baltcanyon.4.txt - hydrocarbon contaminant and intercalibration samples, baltcanyon.5.txt - trace metals, baltcanyon.6.txt - carbon content, baltcanyon.7.txt - suspended sediment (see note), baltcanyon.8.txt - suspended matter, baltcanyon.9.txt - clay mineralogy, baltcanyon.10.txt - carbon-14 dates, readme.txt - full documentation for above.Explains how this important indicator bacteria is used to detect problems in the water supply that may affect human health, focusing on a specific recreational area.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemResults of analysis of cores collected from 'fossil' massive Porites corals exposed in the raised reefs of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea (see below for age estimate), and living corals. The cores were collected vertically down the axis of maximum growth of the colony. Cores were subsampled into 1mm growth increments, resulting in an average of 12 samples/annual growth increment. These samples were analysed for d18O, then the data interpolated to seasonal resolution (presented here). In this region, seasonal and interannual variations in skeletal d18O are due to the combined effects of changes in precipitation/evaporation balance and temperature; see Tudhope et al., 1995, Earth Planet. Sci. Lett., 136, 575, and Tudhope et al., 2001, Science, 291, 1511-1517 for further discussion of climatic interpretation.Although estuarine nurseries along the norther GoM are dominated by Spartina vegetation, production from these estuaries can vary greatly. Studies in Texas and Louisiana marshes have demonstrated that production is related to temperature, salinity, and access to emergent marsh vegetation. We are currently developing a systems model that will simulate recruitment, growth, and emigration of brown shrimp. This data will be used to help validate the modelJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Over one hundred years after the devastating Great 1906 Earthquake that nearly destroyed San Francisco, this expedition explored the Northern San Andreas Fault, the history of past earthquakes, and the intertwined relationships between large earthquakes and biologic diversity along this, the fastest moving fault in western North America. The expedition combined cutting-edge technology with the use of an innovative, fuel-efficient vessel to explore the past and predict the future of this unexplored geobiologic system.Data collected by the ATLAS Client and transmitted electronically or by fax to the AFSC are loaded into production transaction tables used for fishery management, scientific inquiry and fishing activity monitoring by industry.The bedrock geologic map portrays the current interpretation of the distribution of various bedrock stratigraphic units present at the bedrock surface. The bedrock surface is buried by unconsolidated surficial sediments (mostly Quaternary) over most of its extent, but this surface coincides with the modern land surface in areas of bedrock exposure. The map is consistent with all available data including drill records and well samples, as well as surface bedrock exposures (both natural and man-made) and shallow-to-bedrock soils units (NRCS county soils maps). Mapped stratigraphic intervals are portrayed primarily at the group level (i.e., a grouping of bedrock formations), each characterized by distinctive lithologies (rock types) summarized in the map key and associated metadata. The distribution of bedrock units was mapped to conform to the current map of bedrock topography (elevation of the bedrock surface). The structural configurations of relevant stratigraphic datums were intercepted with the bedrock topographic surface to produce the map contacts. The line style shown on the bedrock geologic map qualitatively reflects both data density and degree of certainty of individual stratigraphic contacts. DownloadableThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.is responsive to employer and worker needs, flexible to the changing environment and driven by principles of quality, continuous improvement, customer satisfaction and fiscal responsibility.Planetary Interactive G.I.S.-on-the-Web Analyzable Database (PIGWALD), an interface to support and integrate Geographic Information Systems (GIS) graphical, statistical, and spatial relational tools for analyses of planetary datasets.USGS water resources home page for Utah with links to detailed hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, and water quality plus district and publications information.Temperature profile, plankton, and nutrients data were collected using buoy and CTD casts in the Northwest Pacific Ocean. Data were collected from 22 January 1998 to 06 December 1998. Data were submitted and collected by Japan Meteorological Agency.Home page for the Front Range Infrastructure Resources Project, a demonstration study of the northern Colorado Front Range urban corridor and the entire Rocky Mountain Front Range urban corridor with links to projects, datasets, and publications.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains why these elements are commonly discussed together, how they are used, where we get them, and prospects for future supply and demand.The core function of the Resource Assessment and Conservation Engineering (RACE) Division is to conduct quantitative fishery surveys and related ecological and oceanographic research to measure and describe the distribution and abundance of commercially important fish and crab stocks in the eastern Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, Gulf of Alaska, and, historically, the West Coast.The survey data are stored in a database called RACEBASE. It serves as the repository for both raw and summary data collected from the surveys dating from 1953 to present. It does not hold stream data.Search Metadata of over 50 million journal articles, conference proceedings and booksWMSA community of practice that recognizes the interconnections between the health of ecosystems, wildlife, and humans and meets to facilitate the exchange of ideas, data, and research opportunities.The Digital Geologic Map of Rocky Mountain National Park and Vicinity, Coloradois comprised of GIS data layers, two ancillary GIS tables, a Windows Help File with ancillary map text, figures and tables, GIS data layer and table FGDC metadata and ArcView 3.X legend (.AVL) files. The data were completed as a component of the Geologic Resources Evaluation (GRE) program, a National Park Service (NPS) Inventory and Monitoring (I) funded program that is administered by the NPS Geologic Resources Division (GRD). All GIS and ancillary tables were produced as per the NPS GIS-Geology Coverage/Shapefile Data Model (available at: http://science.nature.nps.gov/im/inventory/geology/GeologyGISDataModel.htm). The GIS data is available as coverage and table export (.E00) files, and as a shapefile (.SHP) and DBASEIV (.DBF) table files. The GIS data projection is NAD83, UTM Zone 13N. That data is within the area of interest of Rocky Mountain National Park.'Pstreets' is a coverage adapted by the Park, from the ALRIS (Arizona Land Resource Information System) coverage 'streets'. Various road maintenance/usage classifications and addressing attributes are included.This data set contains information about all Community Water Systems in California. Data are derived from California Office of Drinking Water (ODW) Water Quality Monitoring Database (WQMD, also know as Water Quality Inventory or WQI) and Permits, Inspection, Compliance, Monitoring, and Enforcement (PICME) database. The data set contains one record for each Community Water System (CWS) and includes additional detail about how many retail connections and how many people are served by each CWS.NOAA CoastWatch provides surface temperature products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites. This product is provided before cloudmasking, and will contain sea surface temperature, land surface temperature, and cloud temperature data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Cerca nel sito web Debian.These data sets are in the form of Quattro Pro spreadsheets describing herb an shrub cover collected at study plots. Data was collected from 1993-1995 primarily on BLM lands to compare past thinnings (10-25 years old) to immediately adjacent unthinned stands and nearby old-growth where available. Data is focused on overstory trees, saplings, seedlings, shrubs and herbaceous plant cover in the various stand types.This data set is an LAZ (compressed LAS) format file containing LIDAR point cloud data. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Lisianki Island. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.WMSWMSSearch University of Texas Libraries CD's and DVD'sThree mathematical models using information about the geographic distribution and character of land surface characteristics along with proposed modifications or plausible events to determine the likely costs and benefits of actions and events.Counties in Idaho.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Hydrologic data and analyses of surface-water, water quality, and ground water in the Johnson Creek basin in Oregon.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Discusses the nature and extent of extreme hydrologic events, with supporting observations of the water conditions and their effects on human activities.Web site for an Internet Map Service (IMS) serving base cartographic data, USGS data, science applications and real time modelling analyses for the Columbia River basin using geospatial analysis technology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Descriptions of annelids and examples of the deleterious effects of nonindigenous species, with links to distribution maps, species lists and related information on annelids.This data set contains dispersant preapproval zones in coastal Louisiana. Feature-specific contact, type, and source information are stored in relational data tables (described below) designed to be used in conjunction with this spatial data layer. This data set comprises a portion of the Gulf-Wide Information System (G-WIS) database for the entire coastal zone of Louisiana. The G-WIS data include three main components: shoreline habitats, sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources.Links to web sites, publications, and fact sheets on earthquake preparedness.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data set level OpenSearch interface for nsidc.org OpenSearch description document that describes how to query our server for data set level information. This service is currently in incubation; it is publicly accessible but the interface is not yet stable and custom elements are not documented.RSWiki (en)The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) contains information about almost 2 million physical and cultural geographic features in the United States.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.34(a)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Seasonal and area closures designed to protect Gulf reef fish, Closure provisions applicable to the Madison and Swanson sites, and Steamboat Lumps, and the Edges, as of 07/01/13.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesKean University blackboard, Kean University distance education, distance education,webct, kean webct, kean university webct, kean university de, kean onlineVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Vermont.gov Statewide Search Search Vermont State Government Web Sites and InformationExplains securing carbon dioxide in deep geologic formations to prevent its release to the atmosphere and contribution to global warming as a greenhouse gas.eLinux.org (en)These data depict area within the West Coast Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) that is west of the 700 fathom isobath. This area was designated by the Pacific Fishery Management Council on June 15, 2005 as part of the Preferred Alternative for the Groundfish Essential Fish Habitat (EFH), Final Environmental Impact Statement (FEIS). In order to minimize adverse impacts to EFH, this area is proposed to be closed to fishing with bottom trawl.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NWI digital data files are records of wetlands location and classification as defined by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (USFWS). This data set is available in 7.5 minute by 7.5 minute blocks containing ground planimetric coordinates of wetlands point, line, and area features and wetlands attributes. The original digital data as well as the hardcopy maps that were used as the source for the digital data are produced and distributed by the USFWS's National Wetlands Inventory project. The Minnesota Land Management Information Center (LMIC), now the Minnesota Geospatial Information Office (MnGeo), converted the Minnesota NWI files to ARC/INFO coverage format and edge-matched the files. In cooperation with the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) and USFWS, LMIC revised the legends to correct errors, to add items for individual portions of the NWI code, and to add translations to the Circular 39 wetland classification system.The goal of this project is to quantify, at the National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation&amp;apos;s coast to sea- level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables coastal geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tidal range, wave height, historical rates of relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables furnishes a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.Groundfish diet data collected during the Alaska Fisheries Science Center (NOAA/NMFS) groundfish surveys in the eastern Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska regions from 1981 to the present. Groundfish diet data are also collected by fishery observers aboard commercial fishing vessels. Diet data is associated with corresponding haul location data. Diet data is described to the lowest practical taxon with the exception of fish and crab prey which a generally described to the species level. These data are in an Oracle 11g.Report: Day, GA. 1970. RRS John Murray Cruise 1/70. (IGS Report No 3; 19) Positioning: It is assumed that Main Chain Decca was used athough it is not specifically mentioned in the Cruise Report Echo Sounding: Not mentioned in the cruise report Sonar Systems: Aberystwyth geological sonar and the IGS transit sonar. Poor quality records. Seismic Systems: EG sparker system: Mostly operated at 1kJ Gravitymeter: RVU LaCoste and Romberg gravity meter. Magnetometer: Varian magnetometerDigital Elevation Model (DEM) is a representation of the topography of the Earth surface in digital format. The data is made up of sampled arrays of pixels depicting surface elevations in raster form. This data was captured as an ancillary product of a statewide ortho image acquisition using a Lecia ADS40 sensor. The primary DEM is a 5-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DEM is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. This series of DEM's was produced as a part of the 2006 Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program administered by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic Information Office. The aerial imaging data used to create the DEM was acquired between January 15th and March 31st in 2006.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThis data set consists of six-inch pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.Crop areas in west central Kenya are affected by decline in rainfall over several decades; the effects may be exacerbated by overall warming in the regionIOC Photo LibraryAlpine Linux (en)Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Species maps, aggregate map, earthworm diagram, species photos, and bibliography of earthworm species found in North DakotaA visible, long-term record of natural and human-induced changes on the global landscape since 1972.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationLocations of New Hampshire Dams.Cadmus at EUI Cadmus at EUI DSpace repositoryVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.We estimate approximately 3,000 metric gigatons of carbon dioxide may be stored in subsurface geologic units below onshore areas and state waters, using a geology-based assessment methology.NLCD 1992, NLCD 2001, and NLCD 2006 are National Land Cover Database classification schemes based primarily on Landsat data along with ancillary data sources, such as topography, census and agricultural statistics, soil characteristics, wetlands, and other land cover maps. NLCD 1992 is a 21-class land cover classification scheme that has been applied consistently across the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters. NLCD 2001 is a 16-class land cover classification scheme that also has been applied to the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters, and includes Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. NLCD 2006 quantifies land cover change for the conterminous U.S. between the years 2001 to 2006. Generation of NLCD 2006 helped identify and correct issues in the NLCD 2001 land cover and impervious surface products only, and no changes were made to the NLCD 2001 canopy product. For additional information, go to http://www.mrlc.gov/.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Fish biomass data were collected using a Towed Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights. Data were collected at the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, French Frigate Shoals to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts.Integrated network of real-time water-level monitoring, ground-elevation modeling, and water-surface modeling that provides scientists and managers with current on-line water-depth information for the entire freshwater portion of the Greater Everglades.We estimated mean undiscovered resources of 113.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, a mean of 690 million barrels of oil, and a mean of 3.7 billion barrels of natural gas liquids in onshore lands and state waters in this area.The U.S. Daily Climate Normals for 1981 to 2010 are 30-year averages of meteorological parameters for thousands of U.S. stations located across the 50 states, as well as U.S. territories, commonwealths, the Compact of Free Association nations, and one station in Canada. NOAA Climate Normals are a large suite of data products that provide users with many tools to understand typical climate conditions for thousands of locations across the United States. As many NWS stations as possible are used, including those from the NWS Cooperative Observer Program (COOP) Network as well as some additional stations that have a Weather Bureau Army-Navy (WBAN) station identification number, including stations from the Climate Reference Network (CRN). The comprehensive U.S. Climate Normals dataset includes various derived products including daily air temperature normals (including maximum and minimum temperature normal, heating and cooling degree day normal, and others), precipitation normals (including snowfall and snow depth, percentiles, frequencies and other), and hourly normals (all normal derived from hourly data including temperature, dew point, heat index, wind chill, wind, cloudiness, heating and cooling degree hours, pressure normals). Users can access the data either by product or by station. Included in the dataset is extensive documentation to describe station metadata, filename descriptions, and methodology of producing the data. All data utilized in the computation of the 1981-2010 Climate Normals were taken from the ISD Lite (a subset of derived Integrated Surface Data), the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily dataset, and standardized monthly temperature data (COOP). These source datasets (including intermediate datasets used in the computation of products) are also archived at the NOAA NCDC.Department of Economics - University of OxfordN/AIOC Photo LibraryTo support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 25 May - 09 June 2007, marine invertebrate quantitative assessments were conducted, as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0703 in the Marianas Archipelago. Such cruises are conducted at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). At specific reef sites, marine invertebrate zoologists along with coral and algal biologists entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~100 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution benthic REA survey for coral, algae, and key invertebrate species. Invertebrate surveys were focused on quantifying key non-coral invertebrate species common to the reef habitats, and were conducted using a combination of different survey techniques to quantify the diverse communities. These methods included belt-transect surveys, roving-swim surveys, and quadrat surveys. In belt-transect surveys, quantitative counts of key invertebrates were recorded along two consecutively-placed 25m long and 2m wide belt transects (total area = 100 m2). For any species that cannot be identified in the field, a photograph and a representative specimen, if possible, is collected for later identification. Roving-swim surveys were conducted in the general area with the goal to collect qualitative data for rare, larger, and cryptic organisms, such as Crown of Thorns Starfish and Triton's Trumpet snails which may not be seen during belt-transect surveys, and to survey any additional habitats present at the site, e.g. sand, sea grass, pavement, etc. This was accomplished by swimming a zig-zag pattern that extends roughly 5 m on either side of the two transect lines (total length = 500 m). Quadrat surveys were used to quantify the smaller, more cryptic invertebrates which were sometimes overlooked or too numerous to count during belt-transect surveys. Ten 0.25-m2 quadrats were laid out at 2-m intervals along two of the 25-m transects (total area = 5 m2). For each quadrat the percent cover of sponges, octocorals and zoanthids was recorded, as well as urchins, hermit crabs of the genus Calcinus, trapezid crabs, and coralliophilid snails. In addition, up to 25 cm diameters of all urchin species are measured. Based on data from previous REA surveys, a group of target invertebrate species was chosen for quantitative counts at 3 REA sites at Alamagan Island in the Marianas Archipelago. The species in the list were chosen because they have been shown to be common components of the reef habitats and they are species that are generally visible (i.e.; non-cryptic) and easily enumerated during the course of a single 50-60 minute SCUBA survey.This dataset includes flux data from the Shrub site near Ivotuk gathered during the 1998 summer field season. Surface energy and trace gas exchange measurements were made at each of the Ivotuk sites using the eddy covariance technique. The MAT site was operated continuously over the growing season whilst the remaining sites were characterized by a single tower that was moved from site to site. The MAT site is therefore used as a reference. This dataset is available in both ASCII and EXCEL formats - For data browsing, we suggest ordering the EXCEL version and using EXCEL to plot the data. NOTE: This dataset contains the data in EXCEL format.WMSSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.IHASAStudy of the effects of ocean acidification on regional carbonate processes, changes in individual estuaries, and organism-level response.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThe U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), in cooperation with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management (MA CZM), is producing detailed geologic maps of the coastal sea floor. Imagery, originally collected by NOAA for charting purposes, provides a fundamental framework for research and management activities along this part of the Massachusetts coastline, shows the composition and terrain of the seabed, and provides information on sediment transport and benthic habitat. Interpretive data layers were derived from the combined single-beam and multibeam echo-sounder data and sidescan-sonar data collected in the vicinity of Edgartown Harbor, Massachusetts. During August 2008 seismic-reflection profiles (Boomer and Chirp) were acquired, and during September 2008 bottom photographs and surficial sediment data were acquired as part of two ground-truth reconnaissance surveys.Search the Debian website.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. The subject file contains location information for private schools in the state of Arkansas. These locations were derived from 2001 Department of Education (Common Core of Data) data. Attribute information includes school grade level, enrollment, race distribution, locale, affiliation, and student/teacher ratio.Maryland s leading source of aggregated and original news and opinion on government, politics, business and more. Called one of the nation s best state-based political blogs by the Washington Post.This part of DS 781 presents data for the acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Fort Ross map area, California. Backscatter data are provided as separate grids depending on mapping system or processing method. The raster data file is included in "BackscatterC_Swath_OffshoreFortRoss.zip", which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreFortRoss/data_catalog_OffshoreFortRoss.html. The acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Fort Ross map area, California, was generated from backscatter data collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB) and by Fugro Pelagos. Mapping was completed between 2007 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus interferometric system. These mapping missions combined to collect backscatter data from about the 10-m isobath to beyond the 3-nautical-mile limit of California State Waters. Within the acoustic-backscatter imagery, brighter tones indicate higher backscatter intensity, and darker tones indicate lower backscatter intensity. The intensity represents a complex interaction between the acoustic pulse and the seafloor, as well as characteristics within the shallow subsurface, providing a general indication of seafloor texture and composition. Backscatter intensity depends on the acoustic source level; the frequency used to image the seafloor; the grazing angle; the composition and character of the seafloor, including grain size, water content, bulk density, and seafloor roughness; and some biological cover. Harder and rougher bottom types such as rocky outcrops or coarse sediment typically return stronger intensities (high backscatter, lighter tones), whereas softer bottom types such as fine sediment return weaker intensities (low backscatter, darker tones). These data are not intended for navigational purposes.This data set includes data collected in August 2000 and covers coastlines of the states of South Carolina and North Carolina. Laser beach mapping uses a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and coastal topography. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the beach at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying from the low water line to the landward base of the sand dunes.N/ATo expand data functionality and capabilities for users of The National Map of the U.S. Geological Survey, data sets for six watersheds and three urban areas were converted from the Best Practices vector data model formats to Semantic Web data formats.Tradeology, the ITA Blog Search Tradeology, the ITA Blog - Tradeology. The official blog of the International Trade AdministrationOne of the greatest challenges for conserving grassland, prairie scrub, and shrub-steppe ecosystems is maintaining prairie dog populations across the landscape. Of the four species of prairie dogs found in the United States, the Utah prairie dog (CynomysReport with mini-movie and photos on the hypothesis that the atmospheric transport of dust arising from the desertification in northern Africa led to algal infestation of corals, coral diseases, and the near extinction of associated sea urchins.Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThis data set is a complete digital hydrologic unit boundary layer to the Watershed (10-digit) 5th level for the entire state of North Dakota. This data set consists of geo-referenced digital data and associated attributes created in accordance with the "Federal Guidelines, Requirements, and Procedures for the National Watershed Boundary Dataset; Chapter 3 of Section A, Federal Standards, Book 11, Collection and Delineation of Spatial Data; Techniques and Methods 11-A3 - Third Edition" (2012). http://pubs.usgs.gov/tm/tm11a3/. Polygons are attributed with hydrologic unit codes for 5th level subwatersheds, name, size, Updates made to correct HU_10 and HU_12 names to be consistent with National Standards; incorporate changes made to include Canadian hydrologic units and correct mistakes in original dataset.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 2 sites around Zealandia Bank in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 3 September - 1 October 2005 in the NOAA Oscar Elton Sette (OES 0511) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of air temperature. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of air temperature, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This data layer is a true color composite (bands 3,2,1) seamless mosaic of ten Landsat Thematic Mapper scenes captured September - November 1999. The scenes have been contrast-balanced and color-matched to each other using PCIWorks V6.3.0.Explanation of chemical contaminants released into aquatic environments by popular sealcoating compounds used in parking lots, with frequently-asked questions, links, and contact information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Using a performance-based geological assessment methodology, we estimated mean volumes of 1,345 billion cubic feet of potentially technically recoverable gas and 168 million barrels of technically recoverable oil and natural gas liquids here.Offshore sand sources exist at four known locations and potentially other yet to be explored regions within the nearshore coastal shelf. Significant reserves of fine sand have been identified offshore of Goleta County Beach, Santa Barbara East Beach, Carpinteria Beach, and the Santa Clara River delta. These deposits, totaling in the millions of cubic yards, constitute the most significant resource of sand that is available for beach renourishment and supplementation of littoral sediment budgets. Locations compiled by Noble Consultants for the Shoreline Survey. Submitted to CSMW by BEACON as part of the Central Coast (from Pt. Conception to Pt. Mugu) Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan (2009).Search Brookes Virtual Help on Brookes WikiThis image represents a 8 meter resolution bathymetry of a reef shelf/bank and the steep canyons and slopes of the NE Reserve, offshore of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. The M-I907-NF-12 survey was split into two sites: W00221 in the west and W00222 in the east. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the Northeast Grand Reserve from 4/08/2012 to 4/20/2012. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsburg Em 1002 echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Hypack 2012 acquisition software. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRI's Spatial Analyst extension.Using ground-water geochemical analyses, and mathematical models, the factors affecting the quality of public water supply were identified as pumping schedule, screened interval, past land use within the recharge area, and natural geochemical conditions.West Virginia geologic (Onondaga) faults for use in the State Geothermal Data project--AZGS, AASG, US-DOEWMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationTIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Digital Bouger Gravity Grid of Oklahoma from University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) Magnetic Anomaly Map of North America. Data file must be viewed with NetCDF compatible modeling software. Files available for download (below) in a zipped folder. Bouguer Gravity map also available as a .tif image.LIDAR-derived binary (.las) files containing points classified as bare-earth and canopy (first return) were produced for the 2007/2008 Northwest Florida Water Management District - 5 Counties (Calhoun, Washington, Jackson, Liberty, Holmes), Florida lidar mapping project. ESRI GRIDs of bare earth points are also provided. The files were provided in a scheme of FDEM-derived 5,000 x 5,000 foot (1500 x 1500 meter) tiles. Horizontal mapping units are in UTM meters, vertical mapping units are in U.S. survey feet. The total mapping area covers approximately 2102 square miles.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSThe South Texas Outer Continental Shelf Project (STOCS) conducted by the University of Texas and the USGS with funding from BLM/NOAA.The USGS produced geochemical analyses of sediment and suspended sediment, clay mineralogy, and physical properties of sediment for 264 samples collected from October 26, 1974 to December 21, 1974. Additional grain size analyses are not included in the NGDC digital grain size file due to numerous errors. The University of Texas produced grain size analyses in the historic 073 format for 1647 sea floor samples collected from February 8, 1976 to October 18, 1977. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.WMSWMSFish biomass data were collected using a Towed Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights. Data were collected at the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, French Frigate Shoals to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts.FEMA Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM) guidelines do not currently exist for conducting and incorporating tsunami hazard assessments that reflect the substantial advances in tsunami research achieved in the last two decades; this conclusion is the result of two FEMA-sponsored workshops and the associated Tsunami Focused Study. Therefore, as part of FEMA s Map Modernization Program, a Tsunami Pilot Study was carried out in the Seaside/Gearhart, Oregon, area to develop an improved Probabilistic Tsunami Hazard Assessment (PTHA) methodology and to provide recommendations for improved tsunami hazard assessment guidelines. The Seaside area was chosen because it is typical of many coastal communities in the section of the Pacific Coast from Cape Mendocino to the Strait of Juan de Fuca, and because State Agencies and local stakeholders expressed considerable interest in mapping the tsunami threat to this area. The study was an interagency effort by FEMA, U.S. Geological Survey and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, in collaboration with the University of Southern California, Middle East Technical University. Portland State University, Horning Geosciences, Northwest Hydraulics Consultants, and the Oregon Department of Geological and Mineral Industries. Draft copies and a briefing on the contents, results and recommendations of this document were provided to FEMA officials before final publication.Information on carbonatite deposits containing niobium and rare earth elements from around the world with grade and tonnage models, geologic setting, mineralogy.The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of air temperature. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of air temperature, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.FEMA provides access to the National Flood Hazard Layer through a Web Map Service. The National Flood Hazard Layer is a computer database that contains FEMA's flood hazard map data. The data depict flood hazard information and supporting data used to develop the information. The primary hazard classifications are the 1 percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2 percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood hazard. Flood hazard and supporting data are developed using specifications for horizontal control consistent with 1:12,000-scale mapping. If you plan to display maps from the National Flood Hazard Layer with other map data for official purposes, ensure that the other information meets FEMA's standards for map accuracy. The NFHL data are from FEMA's Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map (DFIRM) databases. New data are added continually. The NFHL also contains changes to DFIRM data made by Letters of Map Revision (LOMRs). The service provides map images geo-referenced to the earth's surface using the North American Datum of 1983, Geodetic Reference System 80 coordinate system.The temperature, humidity, wind, and pressure systems (THWAPS) provide surface reference values of these measurements for balloon-borne sounding system (BBSS) launches. THWAPS are located adjacent to BBSS launch sites at the Southern Great Plains (SGP) Cen tral Facility and its four boundary facilities. The THWAPS system is a combination of calibration-quality instruments intended to provide accurate measurements of meteorological conditions near the surface. Although the primary use of the system is to prov ide accurate surface reference values of temperature, pressure, relative humidity (RH), and wind velocity for comparison with radiosonde readings, the system includes a data logger to record time series of the measured variables.We estimated mean volumes of 3.2 billion barrels of oil, 23.63 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 721 million barrels of natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This project currently supports two main efforts: 1. A bi-weekly sampling regime of the hydrology and plankton along a transect over the Continental Shelf starting at Newport. This consistent survey has generated significant information on within-year variability in the California Current Marine Ecosystem, and has yielded valuable insights into the food web involving juvenile salmon. Parameters collected during this effort are used in forecasts involving species, assemblages, and ecosystems. 2. The SAIP work has supported studies of the prey field that juvenile salmon interact with. Some of this data is used to forecast juvenile salmon returns, and can also assist in preliminary evaluations of hatchery wild interactions and other density-dependent questions. We towed a Nordic trawl (30x18 m) at 30 m at all stationsDescriptions of amphibians and examples of the deleterious effects of nonindigenous species, with links to distribution maps, species lists and related information on amphibians.The survey consists of 120 random stratified stations in the Middle Atlantic Bight, Southern New England, Georges Bank and the Gulf of Maine. Depending on the duration of the cruise and weather, fewer stations might be samples. These will be sampled with an array of bongo nets: a 61 cm bongo frame equipped with two 333 micron mesh nets, and a smaller 20 cm bongo frame equipped with two nets of that same mesh A subset of 15 stations from the cruise will be sampled with a similar array except that the 20 cm bongo frames will be equipped with 165 micron mesh nets. There will be five fixed position stations in the Gulf of Maine that will be sampled for plankton using a bongo net, and for water using a Niskin bottle rosette equipped with 12 10-liter bottles provided by the Northeast Fisheries Science Center. There will also be an additional thirty fixed position stations that will be sampled using only the Niskin bottle rosette sampler. The rosette sampler will be equipped with a Laser In-Situ Scattering and Transmissometry (LISST) instrument mounted horizontally on the rosette frame below the Niskin bottles to provide particulate counts and measurements. The Video Plankton Recorder will be deployed at selected stations underneath the bongo sample. It will record data in archive-mode and be downloaded on the deck. The Imaging FlowCytobot will be plumbed into the scientific flow-through system and used throughout the cruise. This cruise will represent the first operational deployment of these new technologies in the northeast U.S. shelf ecosystems.Describes four communicable diseases (salmonellosis, trichomoniasis, aspergillosis, and avian pox) that can be passed from bird to bird at bird feeders and gives eight relatively easy steps that people can take to prevent or minimize disease.N/AEnvironmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) maps are an integral component in oil-spill contingency planning and assessment. They serve as a source of information in the event of an oil spill incident. ESI maps contain three types of information: shoreline habitats (classified according to their sensitivity to oiling), sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources. Most often, this information is plotted on 7.5 minute USGS quadrangles, although in the Alaska ESI maps, USGS topographic maps at scales of 1:63,360 and 1:250,000 are used, and in other ESI maps, NOAA charts have been used as the base map. Collections of these maps, grouped by state or a logical geographic area, are published as ESI atlases. Digital data have been published for most of the U.S. shoreline, including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Aeromagnetic surveys of New England, merged to form seamless grids across the state. Gravity anomaly data are provided as well. Data provided in a variety of formats.The Global Telecommunications System (GTS) is a major component of transmitting global meteorological data, consisting of both in situ and satellite observations. This data is collected by a number of organizations, which archive and further process the data. The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) collect this GTS data and formats it into BUFR (Binary Universal Form for the Representation of meteorological data) for their processing needs. After processing, the BUFR is transmitted to NCAR for archival and additional processing into the International Maritime Meteorological Archive (IMMA) format for the International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS). NCAR also archives this IMMA-formatted data. NCDC will use these data as source input for the new ICOADS Near-Real-Time (NRT) product and will archive the two data streams from NCAR--the NCEP-BUFR data as well as IMMA (International Maritime Meteorological Archive) formatted data files (converted from the NCEP-BUFR file format) that are produced by NCAR. The IMMA format has been adopted by many organizations as the preferred format for marine observations. The data consists of basic observations taken from ships, buoys, C-MAN (Coastal Marine Automated Network), and tide-gauge stations. Observations may include: air and sea surface temperature, wind direction/speed, waves, sea level pressure, etc.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Raw XTF files. Sonar data were collected November 6 to December 15, 2009, in the estuary north from Saugerties to Troy. Data Collection and Processing: The interferometric system used to measure acoustic reflectivity, provided a quantitative measure of reflectivity for every square meter of the survey area. Fugro's system measured and recorded acoustic reflectivity that has a high dynamic range such that the full range of reflectivity's encountered in the estuary environment can be recorded while maintaining a constant gain setting on the system receiver. Reflectivity data from the GeoSwath was used to produce a normalized as well as a classified image of the bottom. Additionally, Fugro provided slope, aspect and hillshade models as additional acoustic parameters. Backscatter data processing was completed with CARIS 7.0. Raw XTF files were created by converting Hypack format (*.HSX) into Triton format (*.XTF) using Hypack 2009a.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 24756 was deployed in the region of American Samoa to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Accelerating loss of mass, weakening correlation with the Pacific Decadal Oscillation, and increasing mass turnover likely are the result of changes to warmer and drier climate conditions that are affecting three well-studied glaciers.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Posters on the distribution and control of nonindigenous species introduced into southern Florida.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 5m bathymetric grid.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 10m bathymetric grid.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Grist Search Grist - Environmental News, Commentary, AdviceBroadband Radiometer Station (BRS): broadband shortwave and longwave radiationMap of California showing the number of wells (by county) with available water-level or water-quality data for Water Year 2010, with descriptions of the data and instructions for obtaining them.N/ALife history and identification of Salvinia species, a floating, rootless tree fern and a noxious aquatic weed. Site includes posters, instructions on submitting sightings, how to subscribe to a listserv on the weed, and a bibliography.This layer shows Minnesota trout streams that have a special regulation as described in the 2006 Minnesota Fishing Regulations. Road crossings were determined using the 1991 Air Photos (1 - metre DOQs). Check the Minnesota Fishing Regulations for detailed information. See http://www.dnr.state.mn.us/rlp/index.html for legal descriptions and restrictions associated with designated trout waters.With high property damage, loss of life and fire damage were relatively low. Why? The legal system encourages builders to follow code, the electrical grid was shut down early, and emergency response management was very effective.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Description of the methods of geochronology used to estimate the dating of rocks and sediments with links to technique, equipment and contacts for a variety of methods.CORMP was initiated as a research and observation program focusing on the collection of data applicable to physical and ecological predictive models, fisheries sustainability, and habitat quality. CORMP consists of four focus areas: Ocean Observations, Data Management, Ecosystem Research and Modeling, and Outreach and Education that operate synergistically to: 1) provide a regional hub (SE US) in a national observing system; 2) collect and disseminate physical and ecological data; and 3) engage regional partners, stakeholders and end-users in the development and implementation of a sustainable coastal-ocean observing program. CORMP capitalizes on a combination of instrumented moorings, remote sensing and ecosystem models, and traditional ship-based observations to establish baseline conditions, identify responses to stochastic events, predict and verify long-term trends and identify linkages among coastal ocean ecosystem components. The information collected by CORMP help researchers determine a mechanistic understanding of factors affecting productivity in the coastal ocean in the region and will provide information that can be and is directly used in local-to federal fisheries management. Further, information collected by CORMP will be used by partner organizations to provide a real-time forecasting. The operational area for the CORMP observing network extends from estuaries (including the Cape Fear River Estuary and it's plume) to the coast, across the continental margin to the Gulf Stream, and from the SC/NC border to north of Cape Lookout. <1> Mooring: Core variables collected at each mooring includes water temperature and salinity, water column currents, surface wave directional spectra data. On some selected mooring stations, CORMP also measure turbidity and fluorescence. <2> Cruise: We sample the cape fear river plume every month by collecting data with a YSI-6820 Water Quality Sonde. This instrument measures (Temperature, Salinity, pH, Conductivity, Dissolved Oxygen, and Turbidity.) We collect Total Nitrate, Total phosphate, Nitrate, Phosphate, Ammonium and Chlorophyll a. Zooplankton samples are also collected at four of the plume stations. Our Onslow Bay sampling cruises are conducted bi-monthly. We sample six stations, each approximately five nautical miles apart, beginning at the Masonboro Inlet sea buoy and extending out to approximately 27 miles offshore. Our most offshore sampling station (OB27) also serves as the location for a fixed underwater instrument mooring. Basic data including time (GMT), latitude, longitude, water depth, sea surface temperature, weather conditions, and sea state are noted upon arrival at every station. When on station, scientists take measurements of physical parameters (temperature, currents, salinity, etc.), light attenuation and collect water samples for analysis of nutrients, phytoplankton pigments, and CDOM using a Seabird SBE-25 CTD rosette.WMSUSGS real-time landslide monitoring provides prompt notification of landslide activity, advances our understanding of landslide behavior, and enables more effective engineering and planning efforts.Images from the Landsat 5 and Landsat 7 satellites chosen for their aesthetic appeal, with color manipulated to enhance color variation or details.Maps and diagrams showing how the mathematical model predicts the distribution of various pollutants within a large watershed.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.Seattle University Web Search Seattle University Web SearchThis data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.ExploreUK SearchThis dataset contains a CARIS BAG with 4x4 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The 2005 Atlantic Hurricanes poster features high quality satellite images of 15 hurricanes which formed in the Atlantic Basin (includes Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea) in the year 2005 which was the busiest season on record. The images show each storm near maximum intensity. Also, under each image there is additional information including, lowest pressure, maximum sustained winds, date range of the storm, highest category level reached on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, and approximate position of each storm when the image was taken. Poster size is 35 x30 .Links to general information on water supply by aquifers based on rock types and to principal national aquifers by name.The Global Telecommunications System (GTS) is a major component of transmitting global meteorological data, consisting of both in situ and satellite observations. This data is collected by a number of organizations, which archive and further process the data. The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) collect this GTS data and format it into BUFR (Binary Universal Form for the Representation of meteorological data) for their processing needs. After processing, the BUFR is transmitted to NCAR for archival and additional processing into the International Maritime Meteorological Archive (IMMA) format for the International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS). NCAR also archives this IMMA-formatted data. NCDC will use these data as source input for the new ICOADS Near-Real-Time (NRT) product and will archive the two data streams from NCAR--the NCEP-BUFR data as well as IMMA (International Maritime Meteorological Archive) formatted data files (converted from the NCEP-BUFR file format) that are produced by NCAR. The IMMA format has been adopted by many organizations as the preferred format for marine observations. The data consists of basic observations taken from ships, buoys, C-MAN (Coastal Marine Automated Network), and tide-gauge stations. Observations may include: air and sea surface temperature, wind direction/speed, waves, sea level pressure, etc.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Study of the probability of a major earthquake in San Francisco Bay region with colored map and links to relevant publications. Text also available in PDF format and graphic available in Illustrator or Photoshop format.Interactive maps and databases showing geospatial, biologic, and ecological aspects of the upper Mississippi River. Includes water quality, fish species, and vegetation distribution as well as geographic reference information.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Curry County 2010 Census County Subdivision County-based (f5a1222c-f362-46fe-950f-36bed242df61)Report: Deegan, SE. 1978. Gravity Survey of the North Sea on MV Sperus. MGU Project 76/04. (IGS Report No 88)Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This layer depicts 38 UNESCO/TNC based landcover categories for the State of Arkansas, which were derived from a digital classification of Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) imagery, mostly from 1992. This data is not aggregated and is presented in the original pixel-level classification. Categories: 1:T.1.A.9.b.I Pinus echinata shortleaf pine 2:T.1.A.9.b.II Pinus taeda loblloly pine 4:T.1.A.9.c.I Juniperus virginiana eastern red cedar 6:T.1.B.2.b.I Quercus spp. - Pinus echinata - Carya spp. (uplands - dry) oak - shortleaf pine - hickory (uplands - dry) 8:T.1.B.2.b.III Pinus taeda - - Pinus echinata - Quercus spp. (lowlands) loblloly pine - shortleaf pine - oak (lowlands) 9:T.1.B.2.b.IV Juniperus virginiana eastern red cedar 10:T.1.B.3.a.I Fagus grandifolia american beech 11:T.1.B.3.a.II Quercus alba - mixed hardwoods white oak - mixed hardwoods 12:T.1.B.3.a.III Quercus rubra - Quercus spp. northern red oak - mixed oaks 13:T.1.B.3.a.IV Quercus falcata - Quercus spp. southern red oak - mixed oaks 14:T.1.B.3.a.V Quercus stellata post oak 17:T.2.A.2.b.I Juniperus virginiana - Quercus spp. eastern red cedar - mixed oaks 18:T.2.B.3.a.I Pinus echinata - Quercus spp. shortleaf pine - mixed oaks 19:T.2.B.3.a.II Juniperus ashei - Quercus spp. white cedar - mixed oaks 20:T.2.B.4.a.I Quercus spp. - Carya texana oak - hickory (black) 23:T.4.B.3.a.II Vaccinium spp. - Crataegus spp. mixed shrub 24:T.5.A.1.a.I Tripsacum dactyloides - Panicum virgatum - Andropogon spp. tall mesic prairie 32:P.1.B.3.c.I Quercus lyrata - Carya aquatica - Quercus spp. overcup oak - water hickory - mixed oaks 33:P.1.B.3.c.II Carya aquatica - Faxinus pennsylvanica - Quercus lyrata water hickory - white ash - overcup oak 34:P.1.B.3.c.III Quercus falcata var. pagodifolia - Quercus spp. cherrybark oak - mixed oaks 35:P.1.B.3.c.IV Celtis laevigata - Faxinus spp. - Carya spp. sugarberry - mixed ash - mixed hickory 36:P.1.B.3.c.V Quercus nuttallii (texana) - Quercus spp. - Fraxinus spp. nutall oak - mixed oaks - mixed ash 38:P.1.B.3.c.VII Quercus phellos - Quercus spp. - Carya spp. willow oak- mixed oaks - mixed hickory 39:P.1.B.3.c.VIII Liquidambar styraciflua sweetgum 40:P.1.B.3.d.I Taxodium distichum - mixed hardwood baldcypress - mixed hardwoods 41:P.1.B.3.d.I.1.a. Taxodium distichum baldcypress 42:P.1.B.3.d.II Nyssa aquatica -Taxodium distichum - Nyssa spp. water tupelo - bald cypress - tupelo 45:P.5.A.4.a.I Tripsacum dactyloides - Panicum virgatum tall prairie (moist to wet) 48:P.5.A.4.b.III Arundinaria gigantea tall prairie (disturbed) 51:R.1.B.3.c.I Salix spp. - Populus spp. mixed willows - mixed cottonwoods 52:R.1.B.3.c.II Betula nigra - Platanus occidentalis - Acer saccharinum river birch - american sycamore - sugar maple 55:R.6.A.1.a.I Bare bare 60:Water 61:Agriculture (wet crops) 62:Agriculture (dry crops) 63:Agriculture (pasture) Agriculture (pasture) 64:Urban Commercial/Industrial 65:Urban ResidentialThe Office of Hydrologic Development of the National Weather Service operates HADS, the Hydrometeorological Automated Data System. This data set contains the last 48 hours worth of hydrometeorological measurements collected by Hydrometeorological Automated Data System. These basic measurements include air and water temperature, dew point temperature, river discharge, precipitation accumulator, actual increment precipitation, river/lake height, wind speed and direction, peak wind speed and direction, dissolved oxygen, ph, water turbidity, water velocity, water conductance, and salinity. The data set includes reports from many observing networks run by different providers.Publications by the USGS on mineral deposit models converted to digital files that can be downloaded. Some are *.pdf files requiring Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and download textThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Data products generated by the Ocean Colour component of the European Space Agency's Climate Change Initiative project. These files are monthly composites of merged sensor (MERIS, MODIS, SeaWiFS) products, where MODIS and MERIS wereband-shifted and bias-corrected to SeaWiFS bands and values. MODIS and SeaWiFS RRS products were derived from 4km resolution level-3 binned standard NASA products; MERIS was derived from a 4km level-3 binning of the output of the HYGEOS POLYMER algorithm. Derived products, such as Kd and chlorophyll were computed with the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithms. QAA IOPs were derived using the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithm, with a modified backscatter table to match that used in the bandshifting. Uncertainty estimates were added using Tim Moore's fuzzy water classification and uncertainty estimation algorithm.Data from 85 individual aeromagnetic surveys were merged together to produce a single data grid spanning much of Alaska.This British Geological Survey (BGS) marine geophysical survey took place during August 2003 on the UK Continental Shelf west of the United Kingdom, specifically in the Rockall and Hatton basins on board the Royal Research Ship RRS Discovery (Cruise D273). The purpose of the survey was to gather data to map the regional geology of the area. A total of 1677 km of good quality data were collected. Sea floor data were collected using an echo-sounder. Subsurface data were gathered using a suite of seismic instruments (airgun, sparker and pinger), plus a gravity meter and a magnetometer. Most of the data were recorded digitally, but paper output was also generated. The data are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS Internal Report IR/03/177.SOLAS The GCMD database holds more than 25,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Congressional Districts are the 435 areas from which people are elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. After the apportionment of congressional seats among the States based on census population counts, each State is responsible for establishing congressional districts for the purpose of electing representatives. Each congressional district is to be as equal in population to all other congressional districts in a State as practicable. The congressional districts for the 113th Congress (January 2013 to 2015) are the first Congressional Districts based on 2010 Census data. The TIGER/Line shapefiles for the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas (American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) each contain a single record for the non-voting delegate district in these areas. The boundaries of all other congressional districts are provided to the Census Bureau through the Redistricting Data Program (RDP).Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe goal of this project is to quantify, at the National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation's coast to sea-level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tide range, wave height, relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables and the association of these variables to each other furnish a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.OWASP (en)NOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe USGS US Topo Availability service from The National Map (TNM) consists of footprints where US Topo is available in GeoPDF format. Various green tints are used to reflect the year in which latest US Topo map products are published. Information about the latest available US Topo maps can be discovered as well as product downloads from this service through an 'Identify' query. Service content is updated daily to ensure the most current map product is represented. If a user wants to download all current and historical USGS Topo Maps over a given area, these products are available at The National Map viewer (http://viewer.nationalmap.gov/viewer) or the USGS Store (http://store.usgs.gov). For additional information on US Topo, go to http://nationalmap.gov/ustopo.This high accuracy, bare-earth processed LiDAR data includes one-meter resolution DEMs, two-foot contours, edge-of-water breaklines and LAS points for nine counties in Southeast Minnesota: Dodge, Fillmore, Freeborn, Houston, Mower, Olmsted, Steele, Wabasha, and Winona. The project was coordinated by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources and several partners including the U.S. Geological Survey, the Minnesota Department of Transportation, and staff from the affected counties. The data was collected by AeroMetric, Inc. (now Quantum Spatial) in November 2008 and was delivered in tiles that covered an area 1/16th of a 1:24,000-scale USGS quadrangle (approximately 3.25 square miles). DNR conducted the QA/QC starting April 2009. As part of the processing, one- and three-meter county mosaic DEMs were created and used for visual quality assessment. Note: This metadata record was created at the Minnesota Geospatial Information Office by combining information supplied by AeroMetric and the DNR.MDNInternational Association of Geophysical ContractorsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search AACAPThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summarizes the geologic and volcanic activity of the Long Valley Caldera and Mono-Inyo Craters volcanic chain in east central California.The Analog Marine Geophysical Underway data file consists primarily of seismic data and some bathymetry, magnetics, and gravity data. Most of the data are released to NGDC in microform packages; microfilm, microfiche exceptions include deep penetration seismic record sections and maps released in full or half scale. The data cover approximately 5 million miles of worldwide oceans and have been collected by various academic institutions, government agencies and foreign governments. Data are quality checked, master and backup copies produced and disseminated upon request. These seismic data include Lease Sale (LS) data which are a collection of marine geophysical data in a particular area and common depth point (CDP) data consisting of multichannel high-resolution underway seismic records. Shot-point navigation and occasionally annotated bathymetry accompany the seismic data. The data were released mainly from the US Geological Survey (USGS), and the Minerals Management Service (MMS). Output Media: sections, maps, 35-mm microfilm, magnetic tapes, text and microfiche. In most cases, the microfilm has been scanned and data available as tiff images.WMSInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on impacts of human recreationWhat happens to all the scrap metal? How well does recycling work? This guide explains what we know about the overall processes of recycling various metals.Multibeam, single beam, and subbottom sonar data will be collected 24 hours a day. XBT casts will be conducted regularly for multibeam calibration. The ship's Scientific Computing System (SCS) will monitor and collect oceanographic, navigation, and meteorological data throughout the cruise.Environmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) maps are an integral component in oil-spill contingency planning and assessment. They serve as a source of information in the event of an oil spill incident. ESI maps contain three types of information: shoreline habitats (classified according to their sensitivity to oiling), sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources. Most often, this information is plotted on 7.5 minute USGS quadrangles, although in the Alaska ESI maps, USGS topographic maps at scales of 1:63,360 and 1:250,000 are used, and in other ESI maps, NOAA charts have been used as the base map. Collections of these maps, grouped by state or a logical geographic area, are published as ESI atlases. Digital data have been published for most of the U.S. shoreline, including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.This cruise used the remotely operated vehicle (ROV) Jason II to: explore 4-6 new sites for the occurrence of deep water coral reefs; made collections of Lophelia and other corals for genetic and physiological studies, made collections of communities associated with Lophelia and other corals for ecological studies; collected quantitative digital imagery for characterization of sites and coral communities; collect spatially explicit physical near bottom oceanographic data; deploy cameras and microbial arrays; reposition larval traps and current meters; collected push cores; and conducted a series of linked archeological/ biological investigations on deep water shipwrecks.Search the web through Lost Souls using Google.Gennems g Debians websted.Data | City of BostonThe National Ocean Service (NOS) maintains a long-term database containing a listing of active stations that are installed all over the United States and U.S. territories. Water Levels observations, coastal currents and other meteorological and oceanographic data are monitored from a network of over 200 permanent, continuously operating stations and from numerous stations operated for short-term and long-term projects. Stations are configured for a variety of observation periods, depending upon the location. For some stations, records date back to the late 1800s. Observed water level, ancillary and meteorological values are disseminated primarily at six minute increments. In addition, some stations provide real-time data for planning and emergency situations. The observed values are processed, stored and distributed over a wide variety of applications. The products are distributed on either hard copy, floppy disk, CD, or over the web and include the following: Active Station Lists , Tide Observation , Wind data , Air Temperature data , Water Temperature data , Barometric Pressure data , Conductivity data , Humidity data , Air Gap data , Currents data , Other Meteorological and or ancillary data.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Abstract: A CPC forecaster (from a rotating schedule of 5 as of August 2013) creates the Seasonal Drought Outlook map and narratives. The map, produced using GIS, shows where current drought areas are expected to improve, be removed, or persist with intensity, as well as new areas where drought may develop, at the end of the forecast period. The current drought areas are obtained from the most recent weekly U.S. Drought Monitor where drought is considered D1 (moderate drought) or worse. There are two narratives: a brief, general summary and a detailed, regional technical discussion that describes the thought process, forecast tools used, and confidence for each region on the map. These outlook products apply to the following 3-month period from the date of issue. Originally produced once a month on the third Thursday of each month, the SDOs were changed to twice a month in June 2007 (initial SDO third Thursday of month, updated SDO first Thursday of next month). Since June 30, 2013, however, the SDO is now produced once a month on the third Thursday. The forecast applies to all 50 states of the United States plus Puerto Rico.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The NAIP 2014 Imagery Feedback map allows users to make comments and observations about the quality of the 2014 National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP) acquisition. The feedback obtained from this map will be reviewed by APFO staff and considered both for the current year imagery and future updates. The feedback provided by users will help to improve the NAIP imagery program. To provide feedback, Click the "Edit" button on the toolbar, then click the open (green) point or polygon symbol in the editing template on the left side of the map. Then click on the imagery at the location of your observation/feature. To add only a comment click the blue map tack symbol and type in your comment. You may also add attachments to your comments or observations. Click the browse button in the attachments section of the editing pop up window and then choose the file from your computer. The file may be up to 10MB in size and file types include: DOC, DOCX, GIF, IMG, JP2, JPEG, PDF, TXT, XML, and ZIP.Arsenic was the trace element most frequently present at high concentrations here. High concentrations of arsenic result from the interaction of groundwater with naturally occurring minerals.The 1/3-second Guam Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 1/3-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingDocumentation for Geosoft executable (GX) programs developed by the USGS and used in potential field data processing within OasisMontajThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The primary legal divisions of most States are termed counties. In Louisiana, these divisions are known as parishes. In Alaska, which has no counties, the equivalent entities are the organized boroughs, city and boroughs, and municipalities, and for the unorganized area, census areas. The latter are delineated cooperatively for statistical purposes by the State of Alaska and the Census Bureau. In four States (Maryland, Missouri, Nevada, and Virginia), there are one or more incorporated places that are independent of any county organization and thus constitute primary divisions of their States. These incorporated places are known as independent cities and are treated as equivalent entities for purposes of data presentation. The District of Columbia and Guam have no primary divisions, and each area is considered an equivalent entity for purposes of data presentation. The Census Bureau treats the following entities as equivalents of counties for purposes of data presentation: Municipios in Puerto Rico, Districts and Islands in American Samoa, Municipalities in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and Islands in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by counties or equivalent entities. The 2010 Census boundaries for counties and equivalent entities are as of January 1, 2010, primarily as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS).Knoesis wiki (en)WFS Service for RGIS dataset NM Gross Receipts January - June 2013 (b3638bac-5f2b-4839-9617-296260d04288)Branch of Quality Systems monitors the consistent collection and reporting of water-quality data with documentation of field and laboratory methods and proficiency testing. Links to standard reference samples and quality assurance standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.lake represents lakes in and around Liberia. HumanitarianResponse.info is provided by UN OCHA to support humanitarian operations globally.A unique record for each facility site with an environmental interest by DNR (such as permits). This brings together core environmental information in one place for easy access by DNR staff and the public. It currently has facility sites from the following programs: Animal Feeding Operations (AFO), Air Quality, Contaminated Sites, Solid Waste (landfills and other sanitary disposal projects, and appliance demanufacturing permits), Storm Water (NPDES General Permits 1-3), Tier II Chemical Storage, Toxic Release Inventory (TRI), Underground Storage Tank (UST), Wastewater NPDES, Wastewater Industrial Contributors, Water Supplies (including public water supplies and water use permits), and Facilities with Multiple program interests. It also includes RCRA (hazardous waste sites from EPA). It does not include subentities at a facility site, such as wells, intakes, treatment plants, discharge outfalls, LUST sites, etc. More environmental programs will be added later.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.The Wildlife Linkage Habitat Analysis uses landscape scale data to identify or predict the location of potentially significant wildlife linkage habitats (WLH) associated with state roads throughout Vermont. For purposes of this project, WLH is a term used to describe those habitats associated with Vermont roads where wildlife move, migrate, and access various other habitats and parts of their range (similar to, but broader than, wildlife corridors). This project relied on available GIS data including: (a) land use and land cover data; (b) development density data (E911 sites); and (c) contiguous or "core" habitat data from the University of Vermont. The GIS conserved lands data was also used for this project as a way of analyzing the feasibility for conserving or ranking potentially significant WLHs identified as a result of this project. These data were classified according to their relative significance with respect to wildlife movement and habitat areas. The resulting spatial layer is a statewide raster coverage describing the predicability of finding suitable habitat.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2011-07-25; Survey End: 2011-07-25; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: ;Characteristics of recent tsunami deposits, with the knowledge we have about the events that caused them, give us ways to recognize ancient deposits of this type and infer characteristics of those ancient tsunamis as well.Brief descriptions of research programs in water resources in Kentucky with a few links to program websites. Programs include data collection projects, acid mine drainage, hydrodynamics, geology, waste site cleanup and hydrogeology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.BiopaxWiki (en)WFS Service for RGIS dataset Transportation (5b2a6731-9462-4341-bcd7-7da75ed44654)This dataset shows the model grid cells that are used in the Eastern Snake Plain Modeling effort. For more information contact John Lindgren at 208 327-7900. The existing Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer (ESPA) model is increasingly being used for water management decisions, and the Idaho Department of Water Resources (IDWR) intends to further use the model for conjunctive administration of surface and ground water. The present calibration of the ESPA model is based on hydrologic conditions representative of a single year (1980). This results in some uncertainty when the model is used to represent hydrologic conditions that are different from the conditions under which it was calibrated. Calibration using multi-year data sets will include a wider range of Snake Plain hydrologic conditions and will improve the confidence in the ESPA model. The purpose of the work described by the workplan herein is to improve the ESPA model and estimate confidence limits on parameters used in the model. Specific objectives include the following: Establish a coordinated approach to improve the ground water modeling of the ESPA to address the demands of current and emerging water resource issues within a reasonable cost and timeframe; Collect and analyze data that will enable more reliable simulations of ground-water flow in the Eastern Snake Plain to improve quantification of ground- and surface water interaction; Enhance, refine, re-calibrate, and document the existing model based on new data and improved calibration techniques; and Refine simulations of response to ground-water stresses on the basis of the recalibrated ESPA model. This workplan describes a multi-year effort that will be accomplished through collaborative partnerships, with technical advice provided by the Eastern Snake Hydrologic Modeling Committee. The committee is composed of experts and technical representatives from participating organizations and interested stakeholders. The ESPA model enhancement will be accomplished through collaborative partnerships between IDWR, Idaho Power Company (IPCo), the University of Idaho (UI), the Idaho Water Resources Research Institute (IWRRI), the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation (USBR), and the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS).LEOs Portugiesisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Portugiesisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Portugiesischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis data set is an Arc Info point coverage depicting obstacles to anadromous fish migration in western Oregon. Data were compiled by fourth field HUC from the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife StreamNet Database and from reports by fisheries biologists in various management agencies. Both natural and constructed (e.g., culverts) barriers are represented in this database. Data is projected in UTM zone 10 NAD27.Salt marshes are the most vulnerable coastal environment (vulnerability index of 10 from a 1-10 scale) to be adversely affected by the oil spill, with the predicted residence times of over 10 years. Saline marshes generally have more oil-sensitive vegetation than freshwater marshes and oil impact on vegetation is most significant in highly organic soils of salt marshes. Cleaning activities such as skimming, oil collection, burning, flushing, use of dispersants and plant cutting can also greatly damage marshes. In addition, the effects of oil spill show seasonal and species specific variations (eg. Spartina alterniflora is more sensitive to oil contamination than Juncus roemerianus). Plants are more sensitive to oiling during the growing season than during the pre-dormancy or dormant season. Since the BP oil spill and cleaning up efforts occurring in summer, the growing season for Spartina spp., we hypothesize that short-term impacts of the spill on salt marshes will be detected. Most post-spill assessments of coastal salt marsh status will be limited to habitat delineation and documentation of change in area. However, assessment of marsh health is essential to the evaluation of the short-term impact of the spill and for the prioritization of future restoration actions. This study will allow the identification of hotspots of early stages of marsh degradation because of the oil spill which can only be delineated by evaluating marsh biophysical characteristics including distribution of chlorophyll content (Chl), green leaf area index (GLAI) (a ratio of green foliage area vs. ground area), and green vegetation fraction (VF) (percentage of green canopy cover). These biophysical characteristics are primary indicators of photosynthetic capacity, nitrogen content and physiological status of vegetation. Monitoring these characteristics through remotely sensed data can help us infer the overall health and productivity of these valuable natural resources on a larger scale so that effective management strategies can be implemented in high priority areas. In order to quantify the short-term impact of the oil spill on the photosynthetic activity and physiological status of the coastal salt marshes, we initiated field surveys in Mississippi and Louisiana salt marshes. We will combine field data with the LANDSAT 30m datasets to retrieve the described biophysical characteristics in Louisiana and Mississippi salt marshes before and after the spill. By examining the biophysical parameters using remotely sensed data, we can infer the overall health and productivity of coastal marshland. The question to be answered through study is: What is the impact of the oil and oil/dispersant on health and productivity of wetlands? The proposed research develops scientific products that can be used to assess marsh physiological characteristics at large spatial scales, which will directly inform restoration and conservation decision-making.With the addition of elevation and land use and land cover data, we can show population density on a map much more effectively than if we simply color census areas. The resulting maps should allow better planning, especially in highly developed areas.The Map of the Elevation of the Bedrock Surface in Iowa was compiled using all available data, principally information from GEOSAM, supplemented with well and boring information from the Iowa DOT, exposure reports from Iowa Geological & Water Survey reports and files, and the Department of Soil Conservation county soils maps for Iowa. The soils maps were especially valuable, since they identified soils that encountered bedrock within the soil horizon, and less dependably also spot-located rock exposures. A 50 foot contour interval was chosen for the map because it was considered to best represent the accuracy of the well data, allowed for fairly good representation of the bedrock surface in areas with limited well control, and was mappable in high relief areas (the contours packed so close together that it precluded mapping or forced the software to snap-join contours). The 50 foot contour interval also allowed areas where bedrock was present within the soil horizon (2-3 feet) to be treated as areas of exposures. In these areas the bedrock elevation was mapped as only slightly below the surface elevation, so contours on the 7 ' topographic maps were closely followed in mapping the bedrock elevation. Consequently, on the completed map of bedrock elevation, these areas display much more contorted and crenulated contour lines than the areas where only drill control was utilized. This allows the user a general feeling for the accuracy of the map; the more crenulated the contours, the more control was available for the mapping, and the more accurate is the mapping.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationConsistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.CEH Information Gateway The catalogue of the CEH Information Gateway describes data holdings and services managed by the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology (CEH). CEH is the United Kingdom's Centre of Excellence for integrated research in terrestrial and freshwater ecosystems and their interaction with the atmosphere. CEH is part of the United Kingdom Natural Environment Research Council (NERC).MRDS is a worldwide database of metallic and industrial mineral sites. Links to portions of the database that are available online.Links to checklists and species maps showing the distribution of mayflies in the United States with links to other information websites on mayflies and reference list.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.This dataset contains FCC registered cellular antenna structure locations.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationGeochemical analysis of rock samples collected and analyzed by the USGS.The groundwater component of streamflow is important because it is indicative of the sustained flow of a stream during dry periods, is often of better quality, and has a smaller range of temperatures, than surface contributions to streamflow.FEMA Contract No. EME-2003-CO-0340 FEMA Task Order T018 Sanborn Map Company furnished the collection and processing, and development of Lidar and contours using photogrammetry to support the FEMA mapping requirements for a total of 142 square miles in coastal areas in Plymouth and Bristol Counties in Massachusetts. The 142 square miles includes the communities of Westport, Dartmouth, New Bedford, Fairhaven, Mattapoisett, Marion, and Wareham. The project area was defined using a buffered shapefile with limits along the coastline. The project area included a portion of both counties. All lidar data was acquired during November 2006 by Sanborn. Orthophotography used to create 2D breaklines was produced in 2005 by MassGIS as part of its statewide orthophoto program. All lidar data that was acquired was produced in accordance with FEMA specifications (Source: FEMA Guidelines and Specifications, Appendix N, Section N.1.2). Lidar Acquisition Parametes: Average Altitude: 1,200 Meters AGL Airspeed: ~120 Knots Scan Frequency: 36 Hertz Scan Width Half Angle: 16 Degrees Pulse Rate: 50000 Hertz The data being distributed through the NOAA Digital Coast are Gridded Bare-Earth LAS files.Online annual reports (since 1999) documenting hydrologic data for Pennsylvania gathered from USGS surface water and ground water data-collection networks and information on ordering paper copies of previous years.coreboot (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Department of Molecular Biology is a center of research in the life sciences at Princeton University. The department offers exciting opportunities for graduate students to pursue their goals in diverse areas of research. Housed mainly in four adjacent and connected buildings, it is home to 57 faculty and associated faculty, approximately 139 graduate students, 132 postdoctoral fellows, 127 undergraduate majors, and more than 100 technical and administrative staff.Bugzilla Quick SearchThe objective of the proposed study is to determine the contribution of Federal Columbia River Power System (FCRPS) mitigation strategies (barges and bypass) to pathogen prevalence and disease transmission resulting in subsequent latent mortality in hatchery-reared Snake River spring/summer Chinook salmon. We intend to repeat the proposed work for three consecutive years to establish reproducibility in the results and account for annual variability. The objectives of the proposed study are subdivided into three primary tasks: 1. Assess the spatial and temporal distribution of pathogens, chemistry parameters, and the severity of infection in outmigrants of hatchery-origin. 2. Characterize the impact of transport operations on disease transmission. 3. Estimate the incidence of latent mortality associated with the type and severity of infectious disease. Temporal and spatial data on chemical body burdens and pathogen prevalence in outmigrant juvenile Chinook salmon. Disease challenge survival curves. Disease transmission under simulated barging conditions.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationRaw Knudsen KEB Datagrams collected simultaneously with multibeam bathymetry and acoustic backscatter.Information on earthquakes in central California and the San Francisco region with links to four types of field studies, deep seismic investigations, geotechnical investigations, shallow seismic imaging, and airborne geophysical surveys.The USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) service from The National Map (TNM) is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD is available nationwide in two seamless datasets, one based on 1:24,000-scale maps and referred to as high resolution NHD, and the other based on 1:100,000-scale maps and referred to as medium resolution NHD. Additional selected areas in the United States are available based on larger scales, such as 1:5,000-scale or greater, and referred to as local resolution NHD. The NHD from The National Map supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. For additional information on the NHD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/index.html. The Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) is a companion dataset to the NHD. It defines the perimeter of drainage areas formed by the terrain and other landscape characteristics. The drainage areas are nested within each other so that a large drainage area, such as the Upper Mississippi River, will be composed of multiple smaller drainage areas, such as the Wisconsin River. Each of these smaller areas can further be subdivided into smaller and smaller drainage areas. The WBD uses six different levels in this hierarchy, with the smallest averaging about 30,000 acres. The WBD is made up of polygons nested into six levels of data respectively defined by Regions, Subregions, Basins, Subbasins, Watersheds, and Subwatersheds. For additional information on the WBD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/wbd.html. The National Map hydrography data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, structures, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain NHD and WBD data in either Esri File or Personal Geodatabase, or Shapefile formats.These events range from minor operational problems to permanent spacecraft failures. Australia, Canada, Germany, India, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States have contributed data. This data base of known satellite anomalies is used to study and identify trends in the anomalous behavior of different families of satellites. The trends include seasonal groupings, diurnal groupings, and anomaly types indicative of certain satellite types and manufacturers. Corrections are done with several Solar-terrestrial data sets. Specifically, geomagnetic activity has been found to have significant effects on satellite behavior. Solar activity and cosmic rays have also proven to be important in the anomalous behavior of satellites. Information provided by this program can be used in the design phase of spacecraft to prevent the propagation of problems from one spacecraft to the next. This information can also be used by operations personnel to anticipate periods of anomalous behavior based on the proven response of an existing craft to environmental conditions.A regional Level 2P Group for High Resolution Sea Surface Temperature (GHRSST) dataset for the Atlantic Ocean and nearby regions based on multi-channel sea surface temperature (SST) retrievals from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on the NOAA-16 platform (launched on 21 Sep 2000). The AVHRR is a space-borne scanning sensor on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) family of Polar Orbiting Environmental Satellites (POES) having a operational legacy that traces back to the Television Infrared Observation Satellite-N (TIROS-N) launched in 1978. AVHRR instruments measure the radiance of the Earth in 5 (or 6) relatively wide spectral bands. The first two are centered around the red (0.6 micrometer) and near-infrared (0.9 micrometer) regions, the third one is located around 3.5 micrometer, and the last two sample the emitted thermal radiation, around 11 and 12 micrometers, respectively. The legacy 5 band instrument is known as AVHRR/2 while the more recent version, the AVHRR/3 (first carried on the NOAA-15 platform), acquires data in a 6th channel located at 1.6 micrometer. Typically the 11 and 12 micron channels are used to derive sea surface temperature (SST) sometimes in combination with the 3.5 micron channel. The highest ground resolution that can be obtained from the current AVHRR instruments is 1.1 km at nadir. The NOAA platforms are sun synchronous generally viewing the same earth location twice a day (latitude dependent) due to the relatively large AVHRR swath of approximately 2400 km. This particular dataset is derived from Local Area Coverage (LAC) binary AVHRR SST binary data originally produced by the US Naval Oceanographic Office (NAVO) and downloaded from the NASA Physical Oceanography Distributed Active Archive Center (PO.DAAC). LAC are full resolution AVHRR data whose acquisition is prescheduled and recorded with an on-board tape recorder for subsequent transmission during a station overpass. Finally, L2P data products are derived following the GHRSST-PP Data Processing Specification (GDS) version 1.5 including Single Sensor Error Statistics (SSES).EX1205 Leg 2 is the final cruise of the 2012 season for Okeanos Explorer (EX). It will be primarily focused on supplementing Northeast canyon and continental shelf mapping efforts carried out on EX cruises EX1106, EX1201, EX1204, and during 2011-2012 by NOAA ships Nancy Foster, Henry B. Bigelow, and Ferdinand R. Hassler.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationHourly measurements made by selected ship sensors on the NOAA ship Ronald H. Brown during the "Lost City 2005" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, July 17 through August 4, 2005. Measurements include ship's position and heading, air temperature, relative humidity, barometric pressure, wind speed and direction, chlorophyll, sea surface temperature, and salinity. This data set was compiled from NOAA's Shipboard Computer System (SCS).WFS Service for RGIS dataset Current 5-Digit ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) for Torrance County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (ba735eab-2819-40e7-92f7-1b2cadbf4c6e)The National Ocean Service (NOS) maintains a long-term database containing a listing of active stations that are installed all over the United States and U.S. territories. Water Levels observations, coastal currents and other meteorological and oceanographic data are monitored from a network of over 200 permanent, continuously operating stations and from numerous stations operated for short-term and long-term projects. Stations are configured for a variety of observation periods, depending upon the location. For some stations, records date back to the late 1800s. Observed water level, ancillary and meteorological values are disseminated primarily at six minute increments. In addition, some stations provide real-time data for planning and emergency situations. The observed values are processed, stored and distributed over a wide variety of applications. The products are distributed on either hard copy, floppy disk, CD, or over the web and include the following: Active Station Lists , Tide Observation , Wind data , Air Temperature data , Water Temperature data , Barometric Pressure data , Conductivity data , Humidity data , Air Gap data , Currents data , Other Meteorological and or ancillary data.Provenance WG Wiki (en)Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Recent study indicating inorganic constituents as the primary items of concern in this area. Chemical and mineralogical compositions of the aquifer rocks probably explain variation among localities here.Search UK College of Pharmacy Events.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for Socorro County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (14340922-582d-44b6-b107-c38a897cf718)WFS Service for RGIS dataset Albuquerque, NM 1:250,000 Quad West Half USGS Land Use/Land Cover, 2000 (0b9025ad-04f9-494b-abd5-1a7b9e592cb3)The Glacial Features (Point) layer describes point features associated with surficial geology. These glacial features include, but are not limited to, delta forsets, drumlins, striations and significant exposures. This layer also includes non-glacial exposures such as gravel pits. An associated DBASE table (GLAC_DESC202P.dbf) is available with glacial feature descriptions.WFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census County Subdivision State-based (b829dd6c-5fb9-4548-8435-b99cc822a79d)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset is a compilation of volcanic vent features compiled by the Arizona Geological Survey, published as a Web feature service, a web map service, an ESRI service, and as a set of Excel spreadsheets for the National Geothermal Data System. The spreadsheet contains 7 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template, Resource provider information, the data, a field list (data mapping view) and a worksheet with vocabularies for use in populating the spreadsheet (data valid terms). Data from 116 volcanic features are included. Fields in the data table include FeatureURI, VolcanicGroup, VolcVentName, MapLabel, Description, FeatureType, UTM_N, UTM_E, UTMDatumZone, LatDegree, LongDegree, SRS, LocationUncertaintyStatement, County, State, LocationKeyword, VentElevation, ElevationUOM, RelatedFeature, GeologicHistory, YoungestAge, OldestAge YoungestRadiometricAge_Ma, OldestRadiometricAge_Ma, AgeUncertainty_Ma, AgeSource, GeologicUnit, MaterialComposition, FlowType, Notes.Overview of the Southeastern Amphibian Research and Monitoring Initiative, annual report, field methods and protocols, statistical design and analysis, glossary, projects, and lists of frogs, toads and salamanders.Temperature profile were collected using moored CTD in the Chukchi Sea from 24 September 1993 to 03 September 1996. Data were collected and submitted by University of Alaska /Institute of Marine Sciences with support from the Circulation of the N. Central Chukchi Sea Shelf project.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationSearches www.mc.vanderbilt.edu and related sites.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe NGS Survey Control Map provides a map of the US which allows you to find and display geodetic survey control points stored in the database of the National Geodetic Survey and access the geodetic control data sheets associated with the points. Data sheets are in ASCII format and show precise latitude and longitude, orthometric heights, and gravity data for individual survey control points.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Even though lead usage has declined due to environmental awareness and regulation, several human sources of lead continue to affect birds. Hunting ammunition and fishing gear are ingested by the birds, with toxic effects.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution 'color by depth' bathymetry of the north shore of Buck Island, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Description and map of geothermal resources in California.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.National Park Service unit boundaries.Structural features in eastern Afghanistan accompany seismicity data showing this area is subject to considerable risk of earthquakes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Descriptions of mines, prospects, and mineral occurrences in Alaska.The Bathymetric Shaded Relief of North America map layer shows depth ranges using colors, with relief enhanced by shading. The image was derived from the National Geophysical Data Center's ETOPO2 elevation data, which is an elevation database gridded at 2-minute resolution, containing elevation and bathymetry for the world. The image was produced from the October 2001 data set.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NOAA_RNC MapService provides a seamless collarless mosaic of the NOAA Raster Nautical Charts. Source charts are updated by the 10th of each month. This map service is not to be used for navigation.Elag 2013 Search Elag 2013 - Inside Out LibraryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Global Surface Summary of the Day is derived from The Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH) dataset. The ISH dataset includes global data obtained from the USAF Climatology Center, located in the Federal Climate Complex with NCDC. The latest daily summary data are normally available 1-2 days after the date-time of the observations used in the daily summaries. The online data files begin with 1929 and are at the time of this writing at the Version 8 software level. Over 9000 stations' data are typically available. The daily elements included in the dataset (as available from each station) are: Mean temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Mean dew point (.1 Fahrenheit) Mean sea level pressure (.1 mb) Mean station pressure (.1 mb) Mean visibility (.1 miles) Mean wind speed (.1 knots) Maximum sustained wind speed (.1 knots) Maximum wind gust (.1 knots) Maximum temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Minimum temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Precipitation amount (.01 inches) Snow depth (.1 inches) Indicator for occurrence of: Fog, Rain or Drizzle, Snow or Ice Pellets, Hail, Thunder, Tornado/Funnel Cloud Global summary of day data for 18 surface meteorological elements are derived from the synoptic/hourly observations contained in USAF DATSAV3 Surface data and Federal Climate Complex Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH). Historical data are generally available for 1929 to the present, with data from 1973 to the present being the most complete. For some periods, one or more countries' data may not be available due to data restrictions or communications problems. In deriving the summary of day data, a minimum of 4 observations for the day must be present (allows for stations which report 4 synoptic observations/day). Since the data are converted to constant units (e.g, knots), slight rounding error from the originally reported values may occur (e.g, 9.9 instead of 10.0). The mean daily values described below are based on the hours of operation for the station. For some stations/countries, the visibility will sometimes 'cluster' around a value (such as 10 miles) due to the practice of not reporting visibilities greater than certain distances. The daily extremes and totals--maximum wind gust, precipitation amount, and snow depth--will only appear if the station reports the data sufficiently to provide a valid value. Therefore, these three elements will appear less frequently than other values. Also, these elements are derived from the stations' reports during the day, and may comprise a 24-hour period which includes a portion of the previous day. The data are reported and summarized based on Greenwich Mean Time (GMT, 0000Z - 2359Z) since the original synoptic/hourly data are reported and based on GMT.The International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS) Near-Real-Time (NRT) product is an extension of the official ICOADS dataset with preliminary Global Telecommunication System (GTS) data. The data is only considered 'preliminary' until fully incorporated into a full update of the ICOADS dataset. This data set is a merged product from various marine GTS data containing surface marine observations from many different observing systems, creating a complete and heterogeneous collection of surface marine data. Observations are taken primarily from ships (merchant, ocean research, fishing, navy, etc.) and moored and drifting buoys. Each report contains individual observations of meteorological and oceanographic variables, such as sea surface and air temperatures, winds, pressure, humidity, wet bulb, dew point, ocean waves and cloudiness. The data are marine GTS data in IMMA format that are quality controlled and blended together, first with duplicates (Intermediate product), then quality controlled for final product with a final output summary. The intermediate output is used to conduct studies on the GTS transmissions, duplicates, ship tracking, etc. Then the data is blended through a duplicate elimination routine (dupelim) for a single monthly product. The Output Summary product is a statistical summary of the dataset along with justifications for duplicate deletions that occurred during the blending process. User groups include sea surface temperature analysis, global surface temperature analysis, model/reanalysis input, and general ocean research. The dataset will be produced and archived monthly. Spatial coverage is global and the current period of record for these files will begin in January 2008 to the most current month. Any updates will not be incorporated in this dataset, but will be added to the new releases of the official ICOADS dataset in delayed mode. The data will be formated to the most current IMMA standard in ASCII file format.The Public Land spatial data sets (shapefile) contains Public Land Survey section polygons that had mining claims recorded in the U.S. Bureau of Land Management's LR2000 database as of December 31, 2010 (from a March 1, 2011 data extraction) for the period from 1976 to 2010 in Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. Alaska was not updated in version 4.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWe estimated a total of 1.525 trillion barrels of oil are in place in seventeen oil shale zones in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.U.S.V.I. soil erodibility (Kffactor) - low values indicate low vulnerability to erosion, higher values mean higher susceptibility to runoff.Department of Economics - University of OxfordSakai Search Engine for Site: Conference of CollegesPlone Documentation v4.3 Search Plone Documentation v4.3NOAA AOC WP-3D Research Flight Data is digital data set DSI-6420, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). This data set is meteorological data gathered by Lockheed WP-3D Orion aircraft, operated by the NOAA Aircraft Operations Center (AOC) at MacDill AFB, Florida. Data is provided by the Science and Engineering Division of AOC to the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The WP-3D aircraft perform many projects throughout the year. Examples of these projects would be hurricane research, atmospheric chemistry, thunderstorm investigations, and winter weather missions. Each of these projects consists of a series of individual flights. For instance, during hurricane projects, the P-3 may fly numerous flights through different tropical cyclones. For each archived project, there are multiple directories consisting of individual flights. The data in these flight directories contain the actual raw meteorological parameters obtained from sensors located in different positions on the aircraft. The data is initially written to a digital data tape on the aircraft and then later converted to a file for faster processing and archiving. Each flight folder also contains a scanned image of the actual flight manifest, the navigation log, and the mission observation logs. The flight-level data file contains measurements acquired in one second intervals. The following is a generalized list of these measured parameters: Time, GPS position data, inertial data, radar altimeter measurements, liquid water, total temperature, dewpoint temperature, attack pressure, slip pressure, differential attack and slip pressures, and static and dynamic pressure. Depending on the needs of each individual project, other sources of data will be added or subtracted from this list. As of publication this record consists of 5 projects: 1) NOAA-42 Aircraft-N42RF during the 2003 Hurricane season, the Tamdar project, and a wind calibration flight. 2) NOAA-43 Aircraft-N43RF-2003 Sar Pod, Hurricane, and Extratropical Season as well as the SFMR test flight missions. 3) NOAA-49 Aircraft-N49RF 2004 Winter Storms Experiment. 4) NOAA-43 Name Experiment 2004. 5) NOAA-49 Aircraft N49RF Hurricane Season 2004.Everyone in your family, children and adults, can learn how to prepare for an earthquake. Read this book, then take advantage of the American Red Cross Earthquake Preparedness training courses offered in your community.WMSTowed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 6 towboard surveys (13.918 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands from 08 September - 06 October 2000 as part of RAMP Cruise TC0011. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.Modified version of paper by F.T. Manheim and A.G. McIntire, Civil Engineering Practice, Vol. 13, No. 1, pp. 35-48 (1998). A new shoreline file has been created for Boston Harbor by digitizing and combining the most recent charts.Coal resources, stratigraphy, geochemistry, coal quality and geology of Tertiary coal beds and zones in the northern Rocky Mountains and Great Plains regions. Text in PDF format and available on CD-ROM.WMSWhat does it mean that beneficial trophic cascades (side effects) of wolf population restoration are questioned by recent research?The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.OBIS-USA maps with region indexing summary tablesN/AN/ASummary of changes to water quality, sediment, aquatic food, native fish, riparian vegetation, and archeological, cultural, and recreational sites since the previous assessment.The University of Maryland Council on the Environment serves as an advisory group to the University of Maryland on research, education, outreach, and economic development as they relate to the environment, both globally and regionally.Search eportfolio trials and pilots on Brookes WikiThis data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full Quickbird multispectral scene 1 additional scene was used to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery both scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Anatahan, CNMI.File 100-004b is a 60-m ASCII grid of depth data collected near Northampton Seamounts in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as of May 2003. This grid has been produced as part of the "Bathymetric Atlas of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands -- A Planning Document for Benthic Habitat Mapping -- Draft -- May 2003. Data sources for the downloadable grids include: multibeam bathymetry from Simrad EM1002 and EM120 sonars aboard the R/V Kilo Moana collected in October/November 2003; multibeam bathymetry data from a SeaBeam 210 sonar aboard the R/V Kai'imikai-O-Kanaloa collected in 2000-2002; LIDAR data obtained using the LADS MK II lidar system; and depth data derived from IKONOS satellite imagery. No tidal corrections have been applied to the data. The data source location for each type of data is indicated in the "dot plot" browse objects. Additional single-beam bathymetric data are available in this area and are indicated on the 100-004b Plot C browse object, but these less accurate depths are not included in the downloadable grid. Multibeam data were processed using SABER editing software and MBSystem and multibeam, LIDAR and IKONOS data were integrated using MBSystem, and GMT. Grid spacing is 60-m, horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.terraCatalog geospatial resource search engine The EUMETSAT Product Navigator is the central data discovery service for all EUMETSAT data and products, including third-party products disseminated via EUMETCast.The North American Mesoscale Forecast System (NAM) is one of the major regional weather forecast models run by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) for producing weather forecasts. Dozens of weather parameters are available from the NAM grids, from temperature and precipitation to lightning and turbulent kinetic energy. The NAM generates multiple grids (or domains) of weather forecasts over the North American continent at various horizontal resolutions. High-resolution forecasts are generated within the NAM using additional numerical weather models. These high-resolution forecast windows are generated over fixed regions and are occasionally run to follow significant weather events, like hurricanes. This dataset contains a 12 km horizontal resolution Lambert Conformal grid covering the Continental United States (CONUS) domain. It is run four times daily at 00z, 06z, 12z and 18z out to 84 hours with a 1 hour temporal resolution.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Study of the effects on the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary resulting from the disposal of San Francisco dredged material and barrels of low-level radioactive waste with links to publications and atlas with digital images.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of Midway Atoll, Hawaii, USA. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 200 meters. The ASCII includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The ASCII also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.This layer contains well log observation features for the State of Wisconsin. These will be point features that locate the well origin for a well bore from which a well log is available. The well log observation record describes the log (type, top and bottom of logged interval) and provides links to representations of the actual log data, which typically will be either a paper copy, scanned image, or LAS file. In some cases the log may be represented in an Excel Spreadsheet. Each row in the WellLogObservationContent sheet in this workbook will correspond to an individual log from a borehole; thus there may be multiple rows per well. For logs that are scanned or digitized and availble as online resources, ScannedFileURLs will be provided. The WellBoreURI for the logged wellbore is the cross-referencing link (foreign key) used to associate the header record, well log records, temperature measurements, and other information from a particular borehole.Arkansas Soil Map for Property Tax Assessment. This dataset includes soil types and Assessment Coordination Department numbers for countywide reappraisal for property tax assessment purposes.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on survey design and methodsThe Rail Network is a comprehensive database of the nation's railway system at 1:24,000 to 1:100,000 scale (NTAD 2014). The data set covers all 50 States plus the District of ColumbiaEarth Eye collected LiDAR data for approximately 4,589 square kilometers that partially cover the Connecticut counties of Hartford, Tolland, Windham, Middlesex and New London. The nominal pulse spacing for this project was no greater than 1 point every 0.7 meters. Dewberry used proprietary procedures to classify the LAS according to project specifications: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise, 9-Water. Dewberry produced 3D breaklines and combined these with the final LiDAR data to produce seamless hydro flattened DEMs for the 4,840 tiles (1000 m x 1000 m) that cover the project area.This dataset contains a unified ESRI Grid with 10 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around La Parguera, Abrir La Sierra Bank, Tourmaline Bank, Bajo De Cico, and Isla De Mona in Puerto Rico and St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected from 2004 to 2008. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04 and 2/1/05 to 2/12/05, including La Parguera, P.R. from 3/21/06 to 4/2/06. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) in 2004 and 2005, and with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) in 2006. In Abrir La Sierra, Bajo de Cico, Tourmaline Bank, and Isla de Mona, P.R., the team, also in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired data from 4/14/07 to 4/24/07 and 2/25/08 to 3/8/08. Data with acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 (95 kHz) multibeam echosounder, as well as with a Reson 8124 (200 kHz) multibeam echosounder for shallow areas of Abrir La Sierra Bank. Data was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. For USVI and La Parguera, P.R. (2004-2006), an ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid. For Abrir La Sierra Bank, Bajo de Cico, Isla de Mona, and Tourmaine Bank (2007 and 2008), an ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x using the XYZ to raster tool. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.A description of research activities of the Baltimore-Washington Regional Collaboratory urban growth in the Chesapeake region.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset (MISC_0_3M_CLR_2009)includes truecolor ortho imagery covering the Barre-Monteplier (Capital Region) of Vermont. VCGI reprojected the imagery from its original coordinates system (UTM Z18) to VT State Plane Meters (NAD83). For this dataset, the natural color orthoimages were produced at 0.3-meter pixel resolution (approximately 1-foot). There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The naming convention is based on the U.S. National Grid (USNG), taking the coordinates of the SW corner of the orthoimage.This British Geological Survey (BGS) marine geophysical survey took place in December 1969 in the Firth of Clyde on board the MV Stella Maris. The purpose was to investigate the superficial deposits of the clyde area, this survey was Phase 4 of a 5 phase project. Sea floor data were collected using echosounder. Sub-bottom seismic profiling data were collected using Pinger and Sparker. These records are archived by BGS. Details of the survey are contained in IGS report 73/9.Twelve quadrats were sampled along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines, as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments, conducted at 12 sites at Maui in the Main Hawaiian Islands from July 27 - August 20 2006, aboard the NOAA ship Hi'ialakai, during the Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0610. Raw survey data included genus presence and relative abundance, and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.State-wide mosaic of 24K USGS Topographic MapsThis dataset contains counts, rates, and confidence intervals of heat-related deaths among California residents for the years 2000-2009. These data are stratified by year, age group, race/ethnicity and gender. Crude and age-adjusted rates and confidence intervals are included.C3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) has performed a coastal survey along the Gulf of Mexico in 2011. The data types collected include bathymetry and topographic lidar point data, true color imagery and hyperspectral imagery. The collection effort follows the coastline and extends 500m inland and 1000m offshore or to laser extinction, whichever comes first. Topographic lidar is collected with 200% coverage, yielding a nominal 1m x 1m post-spacing. Where water conditions permit, the bathymetric lidar data will have a nominal post spacing of 4m x 4m. The true color imagery will have a pixel size approximately 35cm and the hyperspectral imagery will be provided in 1m pixels containing 36 bands between 375 - 1050 nm with 19 nm bandwidth. The final data is tied to horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, and are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The NGS VDATUM program is used to transform the vertical positions collected along the Great Lakes coasts from NAVD88 to the International Great Lakes Datum of 1985 (IGLD85).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Visual monitoring of volcanoes by closed-circuit television and video monitoring for a permanent video record of events using slow-scan television which permits continuous surveillance at a distance for remote volcanoes or in times of danger.The mean total volume of potential additional oil resources that might be added using improved oil-recovery technologies was estimated to be about 2.7 billion barrels of oil.This data set contains bathymetry, magnetic, gravity and seismic shot point navigation data collected during marine cruises from 1939 to the present. Coverage is worldwide. These data are stored in the MGD77 exchange format and are available for download in a variety of user selectable formats. One Header record and multiple Data records are available for a particular cruise/leg (port to port operation). The Header record documents both the content and the structure of the subsequent Data records, containing that part of the data that remains invariant throughout the cruise. The Data records present geophysical data (bathymetry, magnetics and gravity) and seismic information (shot-point identification) with a corresponding time and position. Documentation that varies within the cruise is also included with the data records. Data are fully searchable on-line by geographic area, year of cruise, institution, platform, cruise, date or data type.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This map layer contains impervious surface data for Alaska, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at .The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER database. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on the latest available governmental unit boundaries. The Census TIGER database represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The 2006 Second Edition TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. This shapefile represents a subset of the 2006 TIGER dataset. It shows the American Indian Tribal Subdivision areas that fall within Bernalillo County, NM from the 2000 Census data.Marine Environmental Data Initiative Metadata (MEDIN) Catalogue Search Search the MEDIN metadata catalogue using the light interfaceThis is a fishery-independent survey that collects data on reef fish in southeast US waters using multiple gears, including chevron traps, video cameras, ROVs, longlines, and acoustics. This project is also collecting information on hardbottom habitats using video cameras, ROVs, and acoustics gears.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.Outlines processes that control the release of metals and acidic waters from inactive mines and mineralized areas, the transport of metals and acidic waters to streams, and the fate and effect of metals and acidity on downstream ecosystems.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemProject of the Gulf of Mexico Integrated Science program that evaluates the transport and sedimentation of contaminates through the Mississippi River and Atchafalaya River delta to the near-shore Gulf of Mexico. Includes aerial photographs.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemData set includes available climatological and related physical environmental records for Auke Bay, Auke Creek and Auke Lake beginning in 1959. Daily high and low air temperatures, precipitation, snow fall, snow on the ground, cloud cover, sea surface temperature, surface salinity, Secchi disc depth and water color are taken at the Auke Bay Laboratory. Daily stream temperatures are taken at the Auke Creek Weir. Three meter depth Auke Lake Temperatures are recorded and the Auke Creek Hatchery in take pipe in the lake.OpenStreetMap is a map of the world, created by people like you and free to use under an open license.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemWMSThe aims of WCRP is to facilitate analysis and prediction of Earth System variability and change for use in an increasing range of practical applications of direct relevance, benefit and value to societyThis data set is an LAZ (compressed LAS) format file containing LIDAR point cloud data. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Laysan Island. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.Numbered series of NOAA publications that contain environmental information climate summaries and station normals. Each series contains a volume for each state, climate division, or station. Series that are or would be found in this library are as follows: -- No. 10: Climatic Summary of the United States, establishment of stations to 1930, by climate division -- No. 11: Climatic Summary of the United States-Supplement for 1931-52, by state -- No. 20: Monthly Station Climate Summaries for 1971-2000. Station summaries of particular interest to agriculture, industry, and engineering applications. These summaries contain a variety of statistics for temperature, precipitation, snow, freeze dates, and degree day elements for 4,273 stations. -- No. 20: Station Climatological Summaries, station list through 1985. -- No. 20: Supplement 1: Frost/Freeze Data. -- No. 30: Summary of Hourly Observations, data 1949-55 (varies), by station. -- No. 60: Climates of the States, published 1960, by state. -- No. 81: Decennial Census of United States Climate - Monthly Normals of Temperature, Precipitation, and Heating and Cooling Degree Days, by state, reused for 30 year periods 1931-60 thru 1971-2000, by station. -- No. 81: Supplement 1: Monthly Precipitation Probabilities. -- No. 81: Supplement 2: Annual Degree Days to Selected Bases. -- No. 82: Decennial Census of United States Climate - Summary of Hourly Observations 1951-1960, by station. -- No. 84: Daily Station Normals of Temperature, Precipitation and Heating and Cooling Degree Days, by station. -- No. 85: Monthly Divisional Normals and Standard Deviations of Temperature, Precipitation, and Heating and Cooling Degree Days, by climate division. -- No. 86: Decennial Census of United States Climate - Climatic Summary of the U.S. 1951-1960, by state. -- No. 90: Airport Climatological Summary, 1965-1974, by station.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution bathymetry of an inshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.WMSUSGS Coastal Marine Geology field activitiesMaps of exposed surface mineral groups derived from automated spectral analysis of satellite and airborne imaging systems; these data suggest areas that may contain mineral deposits of various types.This dataset contains a unified ESRI Grid with 10x10 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around Puerto Rico, St. Croix, St. Thomas and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Caribbean from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04, 2/1/05 to 2/12/05, 3/21/06 to 4/2/06, 4/14/07 to 4/27/07, 2/25/08 to 3/8/08, and 3/26/09 to 4/2/09. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) in 2004 and 2005, a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009, a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 8124 multibeam echosounder (200 kHz) for water depths of less than 75 meters in 2007, and a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of less than 75 meters in 2009. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Global Historical Climatology Network - Daily (GHCN-Daily) dataset integrates daily climate observations from approximately 30 different data sources. Version 3 was released in September 2012 with the addition of data from two additional station networks. Changes to the processing system associated with the version 3 release also allowed for updates to occur 7 days a week rather than only on most weekdays. Version 3 contains station-based measurements from well over 90,000 land-based stations worldwide, about two thirds of which are for precipitation measurement only. Other meteorological elements include, but are not limited to, daily maximum and minimum temperature, temperature at the time of observation, snowfall and snow depth. Over 25,000 stations are regularly updated with observations from within roughly the last month. The dataset is also routinely reconstructed (usually every week) from its roughly 30 data sources to ensure that GHCN-Daily is generally in sync with its growing list of constituent sources. During this process, quality assurance checks are applied to the full dataset. Where possible, GHCN-Daily station data are also updated daily from a variety of data streams. Station values for each daily update also undergo a suite of quality checks.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS satellite imagery. A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes thirteen zones. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 45.2 square kilometers of which 4.4 were unconsolidated sediment and 40.9 were coral reef and hard bottom. Of the coral reef and hard bottom class, 59.9% is colonized by greater than 10% coral cover.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderDescription of Yakima River Basin Program including: location of basin, description of economic activities, water management issues and modeling processes used to account for water availability.News and related information about the importance of seven major types of natural hazards in the United States: earthquakes, floods, wildfires, hurricanes, landslides, volcanoes, and tsunamis.Data Pub Search Data Pub - Blog about all things data from the California Digital LibraryThis data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 43 full or partial Quickbird multispectral scenes which were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on the island of Maui.Ordering and descriptive information on photography from the National High Altitude Photography (NHAP) program 1980-1989 to acquire aerial photographs of the 48 conterminous states with links to searching on EarthExplorer.Habitat suitability models for 30 different types of deep-sea corals.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the Debian website.Texas Pipeline Watch Search Texas Pipeline Watch - Citizens for Safe CommunitiesInformation on earthquakes by topic including faults, tsunami, seismic waves, and plate tectonics.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this state.Habitat maps of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were created by visual interpretation of aerial photographs using the Habitat Digitizer Extension. Aerial photographs are valuable tools for natural resource managers and researchers since they provide an excellent record of the location and extent of habitats. However,spatial distortions in aerial photographs due to such factors as camera angle, lens characteristics, and relief displacement must be accounted for during analysis to prevent incorrect measurements of area, distance, and other spatial parameters. These distortions of scale within an image can be removed through orthorectification. During orthorectification, digital scans of aerial photos are subjected to algorithms that eliminate each source of spatial distortion. The result is a georeferenced digital mosaic of several photographs with uniform scale throughout the mosaic. Features near land are generally georeferenced with greater accuracy while the accuracy of features away from land is generally not as good. Where no land is in the original photographic frame only kinematic GPS locations and image tie points were used to georeference the images. After the orthorectified mosaics were created, photointerpreters were able to accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor.This digitally compiled map includes geology, oil and gas fields, and geologic provinces of Europe. The oil and gas map is part of a worldwide series released on CD-ROM by the World Energy Project of the U.S. Geological Survey. For data management purposes the world is divided into eight energy regions corresponding approximately to the economic regions of the world as defined by the U.S. Department of State. Europe (Region 4) including Turkey (Region 2) includes Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, Vatican City, Faroe Islands, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Man, SvalbardThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Mean wave power density estimates represent naturally available US wave energy, derived from measurements observed during a 51-month study period. Measurements were taken from 42,000 grid points out to a distance of 50 nautical miles from shore. Values represent the average instantaneous power generated by a meter length of wave crest per grid point. In accordance with accepted global practice, wave power density is measured in kilowatts per meter of wave crest aggregated across a unit diameter circle. Data were classified using quantiles. Bathymetric effects are known to have a large effect on wave characteristics at depths shallower than ~20m on the east coast and ~50m on the west coast. Reliable site-specific information in shallow waters can only be produced using results from models with higher spatial resolution that include shallow-water physics. Results may not be accurate in the shallower waters of the inner continental shelf. These areas are indicated by dark gray regions. For more information pertaining to these areas please refer back to the source.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.WMSThis is one data set of a data package consisting of thirteen point data sets that have as attributes the direction and velocity of ocean currents in the 'eastern' Gulf of Mexico as determined by drift buoys from February 1996 to June 1997. The data are summarized by quarter degree cells and represent the time weighted average of drift direction and velocity for all drift buoys that entered the cell during the summary time period. Twelve of the data sets are one month averages, one data set is a one year average from all the months. The area covered is nominally the eastern Gulf of Mexico, but during the course of the study, the buoys drifted as far west as Texas. These spatial extent, object count and range attribute metadata items apply in particular to the one-year average data set, however the general characteristics of the dataset (coordinate system, attributes and attribute definitions) apply to all thirteen.This project is a cooperative effort among the NationalOcean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. These pointdata were generated to conduct ground validation during map preparation.Summarizes studies that took place in this ecoregion. Some studies occurred in areas without post-fire management, and others in moderately or intensively managed areas. Some of the research also occurred immediately after a wildfire, and other work occurThe International Best Track Archive for Climate Stewardship (IBTrACS) dataset was developed by the NOAA National Climatic Data Center, which took the initial step of synthesizing and merging best track data from all official Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers (TCWCs) and the WMO Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers (RSMCs) who are responsible for developing and archiving best track data worldwide. In recognizing the deficiency in global tropical cyclone data, and the lack of a publically available dataset, the IBTrACS dataset was produced, which, for the first time, combines existing best track data from over 10 international forecast centers. The dataset contains the position, maximum sustained winds, minimum central pressure, and storm nature for every tropical cyclone globally at 6-hr intervals in UTC. Statistics from the merge are also provided (such as number of centers tracking the storm, range in pressure, median wind speed, etc.). The dataset period is from 1848 to the present with dataset updates performed annually in August. The dataset is archived as netCDF files but can be accessed via a variety of user-friendly formats to facilitate data analysis, including netCDF, Shapefile, and CSV formatted files. The update to version 3 data includes new data sources, bug fixes, shapefile-support, discontinued support of ASCII and new variables.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, and Prediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation as part of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE). Collection and analysis of cores for the 120K bp CLIMAP set was carried out by several institutions; data were compiled by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University. Data include micropaleontology, carbonate percentages, carbon 14 age dates, sea surface temperature estimates, and oxygen and carbon isotopic data for 52 ocean sediment cores. Data cover the period from 140,000 to 100,000 years before present and are global in extent. The CLIMAP 120k data are available for direct download via NGDC's Web server.The National Agriculture Imagery Program Change 2002-2013 is a web mapping application hosted on the ArcGIS online FSA Organizational Subscription. This web application is based on the hosted ArcGIS Online map tour template. The application depicts NAIP imagery coverage starting in 2002 and ending in 2013. The information contained in the JPEG images contained in the tour was aquired from historical archives of imagery coverage at the Aerial Photography Field Office. Notation of change and highlights for each year was also derived from historical contracting sources at the Aerial Photography Field Office.Summarizes changes in water levels and drainable water in storage in the High Plains aquifer from predevelopment (before about 1950) to 2007.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Arabesque was a multidisciplinary oceanographic research project focused on the Arabian Sea and Northwest Indian Ocean during the monsoon and intermonsoon season in 1994.This database contains trip-level reports submitted by vessels participating in Research Set-Aside projects with IVR reporting requirements.Reviews frequency and distribution of tornadoes, windstorms, and hailstorms in North Dakota.This data set contains three-dimensional mobile lidar elevation data for seven villages in American Samoa on the island of Tutuila. The seven villages are: Fagaalu, Fagotogo, Pago Pago, Vatia, Leone, Amanave, and Poloa. The data were collected by Sanborn Map Company on October 27 - 30, 2010 Partners in this effort were the NOAA Pacific Services Center, the American Samoa Department of Commerce, and the National Park of American Samoa. The classifications available for download from the Digital Coast are: 1. Ground (2) 2. Low Vegetation (3) 3. Medium Vegetation (4) 4. High Vegetation (5) 5. Building (6) 6. Model Key Point (8) A smooth surface can be generated from model key points.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Address Ranges Relationship File (ADDR.dbf) contains the attributes of each address range. Each address range applies to a single edge and has a unique address range identifier (ARID) value. The edge to which an address range applies can be determined by linking the address range to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) using the permanent topological edge identifier (TLID) attribute. Multiple address ranges can apply to the same edge since an edge can have multiple address ranges. Note that the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge already appears in the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp). The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.Homepage for the USGS library system with links to the four libraries of the system, online catalog, forms to request information, photo archive, new acquisitions lists, and links to other useful sources of information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.U.S. map of real-time streamflow compared to historical values with links to U.S. maps and data of surface water, ground water, precipitation, river conditions and floods and other information on current and past water resources conditions.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Temperature profile, nutrients, and other data were collected using net and bottle casts from the HUAYAIPE and ST JUDE in the South Pacific Ocean. Data were collected from 16 January 1962 to 02 August 1964. Data were submitted and collected by Southern Scientific Center (RAS) with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue (GODAR) project.N/AThe ADaptive Hydraulics Model (ADH) model for Weeksbay, MS, is a hydrodynamic model for the bay developed at the Vicksburg ERDC Corps of Engineers Center, by Jeremy Sharp. It outputs calculated water depths and water velocities occurring within Weeks Bay due to tidal wave and fresh water boundary conditions.We estimated means of 19 billion barrels of technically recoverable undiscovered conventional oil and 370 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered conventional natural gas resources in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.Our scheduled departure time was delayed due to a combination of weather and shipb??s equipment problems (navigation light, engine). The weather slowed our transit time to Bering Site 2 from approximately 19 hrs to more than 29 hours. Bering Sea Site 2 - When we arrived at site 2, we began CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen and bongo ops at the southernmost box station. The station was successfully completed and we slowly b?? due to weather b?? made our way to the westernmost box station b?? averaging between 5 and 6 knots. This station was also successfully completed, but shipb??s personnel concluded that due to a combination of the weather and personnel inexperience in the challenging sea conditions, operations would be suspended. After a safety meeting among shipb??s personnel, it was decided that the survey person, would monitor the operations area for safety considerations. Deployment and recovery of gear that was normally performed by a survey tech and deck hand would now be done by a scientist and a deck hand. Operations resumed at mid-morning - CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen and bongo ops at the remaining box stations were completed. The center station was completed with 2 CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen/DIC casts, a bongo and triplicate CalVET tows. We waited overnight hoping for improving weather conditions, but in the morning concluded that we should head north to Bering Sea site 5. Bering Sea Site 5 b?? We deployed 2 subsurface moorings (mooring recoveries at this site had been conducted previously on a contract vessel). A CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen/DIC casts, a bongo and triplicate CalVET tows were completed after mooring operations. We then completed the box of stations surrounding site 5 b?? with a CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen and bongo at each station. Bering Sea Site 4 b?? We deployed 2 subsurface moorings (there were no moorings to be recovered at this site). Two CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen/DIC casts, a bongo and triplicate CalVET tows were completed after mooring operations. We then completed the box of stations surrounding site 4 b?? with a CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen and bongo at each station. Bering Sea Site 2 b?? A small boat was launched to recover the fragile instruments on the surface buoy tower. A surface mooring and two subsurface moorings were successfully recovered. Two subsurface moorings were successfully deployed. Three CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen/DIC casts were completed. CTD and bongo line b?? A line of eight CTD/chlorophyll/nutrient/oxygen and bongo tows - starting at site 2 and working towards site 4 - were completed. The last seven casts included DIC samples.This project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the University of Hawaii, and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. The enhanced spectral resolution of hyperspectral and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. Depending on the type of instrument, a spectral imaging system can be utilized to see multiple colors from ultraviolet through the far infrared range. The AURORA hyperspectral imaging system collected 72 ten nm bands in the visible and near infrared spectral range with a 3 meter pixel resolution. The data was processed to select band widths, which optimized feature detection in shallow and deep water. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.This CD-ROM contains digital high resolution seismic reflection data collected during the USGS Diane G 97032 cruise. The coverage is the nearshore of Long Island, NY in the vicinity of Fire Island. The seismic-reflection data are stored as SEG-Y standard format that can be read and manipulated by most seismic-processing software. Much of the information specific to the data are contained in the headers of the SEG-Y format files. The file system format is ISO 9660 which can be read with DOS, Unix, and MAC operating systems with the appropriate CD-ROM driver software installed. For more information on the seismic surveys see http://woodshole.er.usgs.gov/operations/ia/public_ds_info.php?fa=1997-032-FA and http://woodshole.er.usgs.gov/operations/ia/public_ds_info.php?fa=1997-032-FA These data are also available via GeoMapApp (http://www.geomapapp.org/) and Virtual Ocean ( http://www.virtualocean.org/) earth science exploration and visualization applications.During September 20-23, 1993 and May 9-12, 1994, a total of 200 samples were collected at proposed dredge disposal sites along the Intercoastal Waterway in Aransas National Wildlife Refuge, Texas. Vegetated habitats supported significantly higher densities of most numerically dominant species. Nekton size also differed among habitats.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links by geographic area in North Dakota or by gaging station number to hydrographs, downloadable data, and site description of streamflow stations.Knowledge of the timing and strength of tidal currents is extremely important for safe navigation in coastal waters. Tidal currents are almost always the strongest current experienced by vessels operating offshore and for considerable distances inside bays and river estuaries. Standardized procedures exist for analyzing tidal current data to separate the tidal and nontidal parameters. The tidal parameters are used to produce the National Ocean Service Tidal Current Tables. There are currently 41 tidal current reference stations where daily predictions are made based on information obtained in short-term current studies. Additional predictions are made for 2200 locations referenced to these tidal current reference stations. Predictions have varying degrees of accuracy dependant on the age of the data, the length of the measurements and the degree of non tidal influence a given location experiences. A clear understanding of current patterns in ports and estuaries which have economical and commercial importance is vital to ensure safe navigation and help in preventing accidents. In ports where currents are dominated by non-tidal factors, real-time current measurements are preferred.Open Data | SocrataThis part of DS 781 presents data for the acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California. Backscatter data are provided as separate grids depending on mapping system or processing method. The raster data files is included in "BackscatterC_7125_OffshoreBolinas.zip", which are accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreBolinas/data_catalog_OffshoreBolinas.html. The acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California, was generated from backscatter collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB), by Fugro Pelagos, and by Moss Landing Marine Laboratory (MLML). Mapping was completed between 2004 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus and 250-kHz GeoSwath interferometric systems. Moss Landing Marine Laboratory mapped the nearshore region north of Bolinas in 2004 prior to the California Seafloor Mapping Program (CSMP). The nearshore region from south of Bolinas Lagoon to Stinson Beach was mapped by Fugro Pelagos in 2009 for a project outside of the CSMP and only bathymetry data were collected. Therefore, note that the shaded relief map coverage (see Bathymetry Hillshade--Offshore of Bolinas, California, DS 781) does not match the acoustic-backscatter map coverage (see Backscatter A-E--Offshore of Bolinas, California, DS 781). Within the acoustic-backscatter imagery, brighter tones indicate higher backscatter intensity, and darker tones indicate lower backscatter intensity. The intensity represents a complex interaction between the acoustic pulse and the seafloor, as well as characteristics within the shallow subsurface, providing a general indication of seafloor texture and sediment type. Backscatter intensity depends on the acoustic source level; the frequency used to image the seafloor; the grazing angle; the composition and character of the seafloor, including grain size, water content, bulk density, and seafloor roughness; and some biological cover. Harder and rougher bottom types such as rocky outcrops or coarse sediment typically return stronger intensities (high backscatter, lighter tones), whereas softer bottom types such as fine sediment return weaker intensities (low backscatter, darker tones). These data are not intended for navigational purposes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AThis map service includes geology, oil and gas field centerpoints, and geologic provinces of Africa with some of these components extended into geographically adjacent areas. This digital compilation is an interim product of the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project (WEP) and part of a series on CD-ROM. The goal of the WEP is to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world. Results of this assessment were reported in the year 2000 (see USGS DDS-60).Geochemical analysis of rocks, sediments, soils, and heavy mineral concentrates in Alaska.City of Hope's Digital Orthophotography flown January 23 & 24 2003.[ from http://www.ehib.org/cma/topic.jsp?topic_key=79 ] Traffic exhaust pollutants include compounds such as carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides, particulates (fine dust and soot), and toxic air pollutants such as benzene. Ozone also results indirectly from traffic, as nitrogen oxides combine with volatile organic compounds in the presence of sunlight. Traffic exhaust pollutants are a major source of air pollution in California, especially in urban areas, and are a major source of greenhouse gas emissions. Vehicles run on conventional or diesel engines. Although diesel engines are more efficient, they emit more fine particles than convential engines, and according to the California Air Resources Board, diesel exhaust is responsible for 70 percent of the cancer risk that the average Californian faces from breathing toxic air pollutants (see http://www.oehha.ca.gov/public_info/facts/dieselfacts.html). Potential health effects from being exposed to traffic-exhaust pollutants include repiratory illnesses (including asthma), cardiovascular disease, adverse reproductive outcomes, cancer, and shortening of the life span.These data are part of the Brine Disposal Program funded by NOAA in the US Gulf of Mexico, conducted by R. W. Hann of Texas A and M University. Data in the report represent grain size analyses conducted by TAMU for 230 grabs collected by multiple cruises of the Lady Gloria in the Gulf of Mexico from October 2 - 16, 1982.Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Areas susceptible to inundation during landfall of Hurricane Rita are assessed by comparing lidar-derived dune elevations to simulated storm surge values. Results shown on pictorial maps.This National Museum of Wales (NMW) sampling survey took place in July 2003 in the Outer Bristol Channel aboard the RV Prince Madog. This survey was undertaken for the Outer Bristol Channel Marine Habitat Study (OBCMHS) as part of a series of five surveys. The OBCMHS was principally funded by the Aggregate Levy Sustainability Fund, MALSF, (administered in Wales by the Welsh Assembly Government), the Sustainable Land Won and Marine Dredged Aggregate Minerals Programme of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM), administered by Mineral Industry Research Organisation (MIRO), with contributions from others. Seabed samples were collected using a Van Veen Grab. Seabed video and photographs were also collected. These data are archived with the MEDIN Data Archive Centres (DACs), including the BGS DAC for geology and geophysics and the DASSH DAC for biological data. For further information on the surveys and general information on the OBCMHS see the final report (Mackie et al, 2006. BIOMOR Reports 4:ISBN 0-7200-0569-8).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for San Juan County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (64a0b3c3-36e6-4ff6-a520-80c0056058af)WMSField guide describing the geology and paleontology of the continental Cretaceous-Tertiary boundary in the Raton basin, Colorado and New Mexico.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing county subdivisions. This dataset includes minor civil divisions and other statistical entities.N/APowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationNOAA's Electronic Navigational Charts (NOAA ENCs) have been developed to support the marine transportation infrastructure and coastal management. The NOAA ENCs are in S-57, a data standard developed by the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) to be used for the exchange of digital hydrographic data. NOAA ENCs can be used in Geographic Information Systems, (GIS) allowing for broader public access. Many GIS's, however cannot read an ENC's native S-57 format to address this problem. NOAA's ENC Direct to GIS web portal provides comprehensive access to display, query, and download all available large scale NOAA ENC data in a variety of GIS/CAD formats for non-navigational purposes using Internet mapping service technology. Nautical chart features contained within an NOAA ENC provide a detailed representation of the U.S. coastal and marine environment. This data includes coastal topography, bathymetry, landmarks, geographic place names and marine boundaries. Features in an NOAA ENC are limited in that they only represent the geographic region that is depicted in that particular NOAA ENC. By aggregating nautical features from all NOAA ENCs in the creation of GIS data, a contiguous depiction of the U.S coastal and marine environment is achieved.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pavement sealant contains chemicals that are known carcinogens, which get into nearby homes, lakes, and the air. Sealants based on coal tar release more dangerous chemicals than those based on asphalt.N/AGridded bathymetry (40 m cell size) of the slope environment of Swains Island, American Samoa. Almost complete bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 7 and 4800 m. The multibeam data are from the Simrad EM300 system aboard the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai, and the Reson 8101ER system aboard the R/V AHI and were collected from 10th - 13th February 2006.Subdivision boundaries for Franklin County, Iowa. Created from official plat maps and recorded documents in the Franklin County.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 2x2 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a broad portion of seafloor south of St. Thomas, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Homepage of the Mineral Resources Program that provides current, impartial information on the occurrence, quality, quantity, and availability of mineral resources with links to projects, publications, spatial data, teams, issues, and news.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The once-a-decade decennial census was conducted in April 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. This count of every resident in the United States was mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution and all households in the U.S. and individuals living in group quarters were required by law to respond to the 2010 Census questionnaire. The data collected by the decennial census determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities. The questionnaire consisted of a limited number of questions but allowed for the collection of information on the number of people in the household and their relationship to the householder, an individual's age, sex, race and Hispanic ethnicity, the number of housing units and whether those units are owner- or renter-occupied, or vacant. The first wave of results for sub-state geographic areas in New Mexico was released on March 15, 2011, through the Redistricting Data (PL94-171) Summary File. This batch of data covers the state, counties, places (both incorporated and unincorporated communities), tribal lands, school districts, neighborhoods (census tracts and block groups), individual census blocks, and other areas. The Redistricting products provide counts by race and Hispanic ethnicity for the total population and the population 18 years and over, and housing unit counts by occupancy status. The 2010 Census Redistricting Data Summary File can be used to redraw federal, state and local legislative districts under Public Law 94-171. This is an important purpose of the file and, indeed, state officials use the Redistricting Data to realign congressional and state legislative districts in their states, taking into account population shifts since the 2000 Census. More detailed population and housing characteristics will be released in the summer of 2011. The data in these particular RGIS Clearinghouse tables are for all Block Groups in Hidalgo County. There are two data tables. One provides total counts by major race groups and by Hispanic ethnicity, while the other provides proportions of the total population for these same groups. These files, along with file-specific descriptions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.Search Faculty of Business Induction on Brookes WikiWMSThe Global Hourly Summaries are simple indicators of observational normals which include climatic data summarizations and frequency distributions. These typically are statistical analyses of station data over 5-, 10-, 20-, 30-year or longer time periods. In a GIS map service, the results of these calculations are represented by a given symbology set for different statistical criteria and observation type. Having the ability to modify the symbology "on-the-fly" is a useful tool in the analysis of station trends, accuracy, and regional or localized variances. The summaries are computed from the global surface hourly dataset. This dataset totaling over 350 gigabytes is comprised of 40 different types of weather observations with 20,000 stations worldwide. NCDC and the U.S. Navy have developed these value added products in the form of hourly summaries from many of these observations. These data are a subset of the Integrated Surface Hourly dataset (DSI-3505) (C00532).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The report describes a strategy for monitoring, modeling, and research activities to support management decisions to improve water-quality conditions in the Mississippi River Basin, reduce hypoxia in the northern Gulf of Mexico, and improve conditions forNational Wildlife Refuges are federal lands managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS). The primary source for boundary information is the USFWS Realty program (status maps, legal surveys). An effort by the USFWS Region 5 (northeast states - ME, NH,VT, MA, RI, CT, NY, PA, NJ, MD, DE, WV, VA) Realty Division, Cartography and Spatial Data Services Branch has resulted in digital refuge boundaries for all refuges in the northeast at a scale of 1:24,000.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.WMSNOAA Environmental Data Management Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of digital data describing the submerged aquatic vegetation (seagrass) beds in the Choctawatchee Bay of Florida in 1992. The data set includes 12 7.5' quadrangles, which were digitized at the Mid-Continent Ecological Science Center from 1:24,000 scale hard copy maps developed by the U.S. Geological Survey, National Wetlands Research Center. The seagrass beds were classified according to a NWRC derived classification scheme based on the C-CAP Coastal Land Cover Classification system of NOAA Coastwatch Change Analysis Project.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geospatial metadata search.Dataset shows cruise area bounding boxes of missions of the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer from 2008 to the present time. These expeditions were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationPrimary homepage for the National Water Quality Assessment (NAWQA) Program studying water quality in river, aquifer and coastal water basins throughout the nation. Links to reports, data, models, maps and national synthesis studies.N/AUSGS water resources home page for Illinois with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and long-term data on streamflow, ground and surface water, droughts, flooding, and water quality with highlights and project information.Toujours votre couteWMSWMSBelt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 3 sites at Molokai in the Main Hawaiian Islands (MHI) during July 27 - August 20 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0610) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.Research findings and examples of application to real problems--biosolids have high concentrations of household contaminants compared to treated liquid wastewater effluent.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB provides seamless national coverage with no overlaps or gaps between parts. Each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or it can be combined with shapefiles for other counties to cover a region or the entire nation. The Address Ranges Feature Shapefile (ADDRFEAT.dbf) contains the geospatial edge geometry and attributes of all unsuppressed address ranges for a county or county equivalent area. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. Single-address address ranges have been suppressed to maintain the confidentiality of the addresses they describe. Multiple coincident address range feature edge records are represented in the shapefile if more than one left or right address ranges are associated to the edge. The ADDRFEAT shapefile contains a record for each address range to street name combination. Address range associated to more than one street name are also represented by multiple coincident address range feature edge records. Note that the ADDRFEAT shapefile includes all unsuppressed address ranges compared to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) which only includes the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge. The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemN/AExplains how hydrologic factors interact with phenologyTemperature profile and nutrients data were collected using bottle and CTD casts from DISCOVERY II and another platform in the Mediterranean Sea, Adriatic Sea,and North Atlantic Ocean. Data were collected from 02 March 1982 to 07 April 1990. Data were collected and submitted by the National Institute of Oceanography in United Kingdom with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue (GODAR) project.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains well log observations compiled by the New Mexico Bureau of Geology and Mineral Resources and published as a Web feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. Fields in the Well Log Observation Content Model will become XML elements in interchange documents for WMS simple features provided by a node in the USGIN network. Each observation includes a Log URI, API Number, Latitude and Longitude spatially referenced to EPSG: 4326 (for interoperability). The data contained in the submitted dataset is available as an Excel Spreadsheet, ESRI service, WMS and WFS service. Link to Well Log Observation Content Model: http://stategeothermaldata.org/data_delivery/content_models/well_log_observation.Surface Locations of Boreholes drilled for exploration or oil and gas production. Dataset is maintained by Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. Please note: older well locations were mapped on a NAD27 grid and have been projected to NAD 83 for inclusion in this file. When plotted on the current NAD 83 grid, they will not appear to "line up", because the NAD 83 grid represents a complete re-grid, and not a re-projection of the old NAD 27 grid. All current wells have been plotted on a NAD 83 grid.Estimates of known and undiscovered copper resources total nearly 60 million metric tons of copper. Iron resources in known deposits total 2200 million metric tons of ore. Twenty mineralized areas meriting further study were identified.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Scientific DataThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geochemical analysis of rocks, sediments, soils, and heavy mineral concentrates in Alaska.MozillaWiki (en)Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.WMSMobiWebApp Search MobiWebApp - Mobile Web ApplicationsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunicatons System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP) and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT).The Knudsen 2620 acquired sub-bottom profiles continuously throughout the cruise. The Knudsen was operated in 3.5 kHz Chirp mode, emitting a 1.5 kHz to 5 kHz (3 kHz bandwidth centered on 3.5 kHz) pulse from transducers mounted in the pod beneath the hull. A record window of 100 or 200 meters and assumed sound velocity of 1500 m/s remained constant through the cruise, except for areas where topographic variation dictated a >200meter record window. The resulting data records were 131 or 261 msec long, with a sample interval 0.038 msec. The ping rate varied over the course of the cruise, generally between 4 and 6 seconds.This dataset is a part of U.S. Geological Survey Central Region Energy Resources Team National Petroleum Reserve, Alaska, Legacy Data Archive. The National Petroleum Reserve, Alaska, (NPRA) Legacy Data Archive represents one of the largest geological and geophysical data sets held by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). From 1944 to 1953 the U.S. Navy operated a large-scale exploration of the then Naval Petroleum Reserve No. 4, drilling 36 test wells and 45 core tests. A second extensive exploration program was operated between 1974 and 1982. Run first by the U.S. Navy and later the USGS, this exploration program collected over 12,000 line miles of seismic data and drilled 28 exploratory wells. Both these exploration programs generated a vast amount of data, analyses, and documents, much of which is presented at http://nerslweb.cr.usgs.gov/. This web site makes available the following data types: SEG-Y format seismic data. Image files of associated seismic data documentation. Tables of seismic data field collection parameters. Seismic data location information, both ASCII text files and image files of location maps. Image files of seismic data displays. Image files of well log displays. LAS format digital well log data. Adobe Acrobat files of well data, analyses, and reports. Image files of well core slides. This NPRA Seismic lines Dataset was converted from Shot Point latitude and longitude information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/ABiologyBrowser Free information from a trusted sourceThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a map service for a story map on the ocean economy and total economy. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to selected partner sites where USGS maps and aerial photo images may be viewed with a web browser.Study of the effects of the practice of cycling municipal nutrient-enriched wastewater from holding ponds through forested wetlands. Studies were in the Cypiere Perdue Swamp, Louisiana, and the Drummond Bog, Wisconsin.What causes changes in the hydrology, the ecology and the water quality of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta and the San Francisco Bay estuary? These studies help state and local agencies manage resources well.Educational site for elementary schools students on ground water sources, ground water flow, and aquifers.WMSSearch articles, images, and other media on this site.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Please find the near real time data available at http://imb.crrel.usace.army.mil/ This award supports the deployment of ice mass balance (IMB) buoys as part of the Arctic Observing Network (AON) and the Study of Environmental Arctic Change (SEARCH). The autonomous, ice-based drifting buoys measure, delineate and, importantly, attribute thermodynamically-driven changes in the thickness of the ice cover. Data from the IMBs provide a time series of snow accumulation and ablation, ice growth, ice surface and bottom melt, internal ice temperature fields, and temporally-averaged estimates of ocean heat flux. The IMB buoys are also equipped to measure position, sea level pressure (SLP), and surface air temperature (SAT). The IMBs are deployed strategically and in coordination with other elements of AON to optimize the observation of changes and trends in sea ice throughout the Arctic Basin. The Broader Impacts of this award are many. IMB data have and will continue to assist large-scale modeling efforts to improve the treatment of ice growth and decay in GCMs and to assess the relative impact of ice thermodynamics on the observed changes in the Arctic sea ice cover. Results will also provide baseline data to support the development of instruments and algorithms to remotely sense snow depth, ice thickness, and the onset of freeze-up.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.GWAS Central Studies Web Search Search for G2P studies through GWAS Central.A fault map and digital fault dataset were constructed based on offsets of the basement surface. Because these faults are, in large part, not present at the surface, they are interpreted to be inactive faults, older than the alluvial basin fill.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Description of Digital Line Graphs (DLG) with explanations of layers and feature types, scales, available products, media, prices, and links to search and order webpages.News and related information focusing on the importance of earthquake hazards in the United States.Homepage of the Abandoned Mine Lands (AML) initiative programs supporting actions to remedy contaminations associated with hard rock mining. Includes data from the Upper Animas River and Boulder River, bibliography of reports, and pictures.WMSBecause winter-run steelhead populations in the Willamette River are listed as Threatened under the Endangered Species Act, there is concern about potential genetic and ecological effects of non-native summer-run steelhead on threatened winter-run populations. However, at most life stages, and in most Willamette River habitats, it is difficult to identify naturally-produced summer-run fish compared to winter-run fish (all hatchery-origin summer steelhead smolts are marked with an adipose clip). As a consequence, it is generally unknown to what extent summer steelhead successfully spawn, how many juveniles are produced, and when and where they reside in the system. In this study, NWFSC's Don VanDoornik uses genetic stock identification (GSI) techniques to identify the stock of origin of steelhead in the Willamette River. The resulting information will be used by the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife to guide management of their steelhead hatchery programs in the Willamette River. Steelhead genetic data (microsatellite DNA genotypes)Data were gathered by the R/V Marion Dufresne in May and June of 1992 over the Mascarene Ridge in the Indian Ocean on cruise MD72/MASCAFLUX. Heat flow measurements for 96 in-situ readings including both thermal conductivity and thermal gradient were recorded along two profiles perpendicular to the mascarene ridge. NGDC also archives bathymetric and magnetic data from the cruise in the GEODAS geophysical data management system. Data correspond to: Bonneville, et al., EOS, 73, 43, p. 542, 1992. and Bonneville, A., R.P. Von Herzen and F. Lucazeau, Heat flow over Reunion hot spot track: additional evidence for thermal rejuvenation of oceanic lithosphere, Journal of Geophysical Research, 1995. The data were sent to NGDC by Dr. Alain Bonneville for distribution.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSCO-OPS has been involved with tsunami warning and mitigation since the Coast & Geodetic Survey started the Tsunami Warning System in 1948 to provide warnings to the Hawaiian Islands. After the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, CO-OPS was tasked to coordinate with the NOAA Tsunami Warning Centers in upgrading existing stations with new Data Collection Platform (DCP) and communications technology and with expanding the tsunami warning capabilities of the NWLON. Work began in 2005 to upgrade 33 existing water level sand install 16 new stations from the Pacific Ocean to the Caribbean Sea by October 2006. As of September 2006, all 33 upgrades are complete, as well as 15 of the 16 new installations. As of October 2006 the NWLON consist of 196 long-term water level stations along all U.S. coasts, including the Great Lakes, Alaska, Hawaii, the Pacific Ocean Island Territories, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) serves as the archive center for this data and provides the historical data to users.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationResults of analysis of cores collected from 'fossil' massive Porites corals exposed in the raised reefs of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea (see below for age estimate), and living corals. The cores were collected vertically down the axis of maximum growth of the colony. Cores were subsampled into 1mm growth increments, resulting in an average of 12 samples/annual growth increment. These samples were analysed for d18O, then the data interpolated to seasonal resolution (presented here). In this region, seasonal and interannual variations in skeletal d18O are due to the combined effects of changes in precipitation/evaporation balance and temperature; see Tudhope et al., 1995, Earth Planet. Sci. Lett., 136, 575, and Tudhope et al., 2001, Science, 291, 1511-1517 for further discussion of climatic interpretation.Louisiana continental slope interactive map with GIS datasets and sonar imagery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains OCS block outlines in ArcGIS shape file format for the BOEM Atlantic Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boemre.gov/itd/pubs/1999/99-0006.pdf Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles can not represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.A geologic and oceanographic study of the waters and Continental Shelf of Gulf of the Farallones adjacent to the San Francisco Bay region. The results of the study provide a scientific basis to evaluate and monitor human impact on the marine environment.IACETNews releases on adenovirus, West Nile Virus, foot and mouth disease, iridovirus, chronic wasting disease, and other emerging health issues in wildlife.University of Warwick Search Warwick University's web siteDescribes noticeable effects of acid rain on the building stones and monuments in Washington, DC.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Coleoptera (beetles)This dataset includes Point Framing Sample Matrix Data from 1995.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Search the current edition of the CatalogThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Poster diagram showing the various hazards that accompany volcanic activity as they relate to the structure of the volcano.All types of facilities that handle solid waste, including: sanitary landfills, appliance demanufacturing facilities, transfer stations, land application sites, incinerators, composting facilities, household hazardous materials sites, waste tire management and material recovery facilities. It includes all sites which are permitted or have had permits. It does not include non-permitted closed dumps.N/ABasic information for homeowners, communities, emergency managers, and decisionmakers. Includes sections on landslide types, evaluation tools, and mitigation techniques.WMSWMSThe goal of the Bonaire 2008 expedition is to survey this unique environment over a greater depth range than can be reached with compressed air scuba, using three autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), technical diving, and (in a future year) a manned submersible.A digital magnetic anomaly database and map for the North American continent is the result of a joint effort by the Geological Survey of Canada (GSC), U. S. Geological Survey (USGS), and Consejo de Recursos Minerales of Mexico (CRM). The database and map represent a substantial upgrade from the previous compilation of magnetic anomaly data for North America, now over a decade old.Locations and characteristics of the copper smelters throughout the world.Cerca nel sito web Debian.NAIP 2005 aerial imagery that has been resampled from 1-meter source resolution to approximately 30-meter resolution. This is a mosaic composed from several NAIP 2005 County Mosaic images covering the Salton Sea vicinity. Black "no data" pixels can be seen at the junctions of some of the images. ArcMap was used to create this resampled image. First, an appropriate Salton Sea vicinity extent was displayed in ArcMap, then the original NAIP 2005 County Mosaic images were added as layers, the black "no data" pixels were attempted to be made transparent (didn't work completely), the data frame was set to California Teale Albers NAD83 and then exported to a georeferenced TIFF image at 600 DPI. Update: This is a second version of the image. This version has a larger extent than the previous version.This project currently supports two main efforts: 1. A bi-weekly sampling regime of the hydrology and plankton along a transect over the Continental Shelf starting at Newport. This consistent survey has generated significant information on within year variability in the California Current Marine Ecosystem that has yielded valuable insights into the food web involving juvenile salmon. Parameters collected during this effort are used in forecasts for a number of species, assemblages, and ecosystems. 2. The SAIP work has supported studies of the prey field that juvenile salmon interact with. Some of this data is used in forecasts of juvenile salmon returns, and it is also helping to make possible some preliminary evaluations of hatchery wild interactions and other density-dependent questions. CTD castsThe Arkansas Secretary of State contracted the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, GIS Applications Laboratory (UALRGIS) to use modern geographic information technology and improved base maps to create a current and spatially accurate statewide depiction of school district boundaries in the State of Arkansas. The Arkansas Geographic Information Office merged annexed and consolidated districts. UALRGIS followed a work plan for the project that was established by the Arkansas Geographic Information Office (AGIO) for the Secretary of State. The school district boundary editing rules were as follows: 1. Legal descriptions take precedent. 2. If no legal description was provided the visual evidence presented on the digital ortho quarter quadrangle (DOQQ) was followed. 3. Section lines, county boundaries, city boundaries and / or roads have only be used as supporting visual evidence viewed on the DOQQ.The Safety Mission Assurance (SMA) Is committed to ensuring the highest probability of mission successThis Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD06_L2 data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.OHDR has published Active Organizations in Liberia as of Septebmer 2014 on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search Member will be liveShows where there are potential commercial sources of natural gas trapped in formations with very low permeability to gas (not necessarily shale units). Hydraulic fracturing might be needed in order to exploit these resources.Radiometric ages of rocks or minerals sampled from Alaska. The data were collected from professional publications and/or received from researchers and used by permission.Geological mapping carried out by USGS in close cooperation with state, university, and federal partners. Includes general information about geological maps and mapping standards.The USGS Topo Large service from The National Map (TNM) is a dynamic topographic base map service that combines the best available data (Boundaries, Elevation, Geographic Names, Hydrography, Land Cover, Structures, Transportation, and other themes) that make up The National Map. Contours generated for the US Topo product are visible along with other data at scales of 1:13,500 and larger. This product is designed to provide a seamless view of the data in a geographic information system (GIS) accessible format, closely resembling The National Map US Topo GeoPDF product at large scales.Search APHAThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminantsThe World Magnetic Model is the standard model used by the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.K. Ministry of Defence, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO), for navigation, attitude and heading referencing systems using the geomagnetic field. It is also used widely in civilian navigation and heading systems. The model, associated software, and documentation are distributed by NGDC on behalf of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). The model is produced at 5-year intervals, with the current model expiring on December 31, 2014N/ADynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesWFS Service for RGIS dataset Big Game Management Units, New Mexico Department of Game and Fish 2010 (1ae3c493-de4b-461e-bfd1-ca42825a9ec5)Complex report on the interpretation of aeromagnetic data to study hydrogeology of the San Pedro basin, Cochise County, Arizona determining geologic structure, basin fill and depth to water. Online version of a CD-ROM publication.PETROS is a worldwide data bank of major element chemical analyses of igneous rocks compiled for research and teaching purposes by Dr. Felix Mutschler and Staff at Eastern Washington University. PETROS version 6.1 includes 37,300 major element chemical analyses divided into 307 major groups representing geographic areas or petrologic provinces. The data are for 4,512 cores, grabs and dredges. Also included are 468 average igneous rock compositions calculated by various authors, a bibliography of information sources, and complete format/operating instructions for PETROS. In compiling PETROS, as few analyses as possible were rejected, allowing data bank users to exercise their own judgment on data values. Sources include published works, theses, and in a few cases, unpublished analytical data, all of which are referenced in the bibliography. Generally, only those analyses which included determinations of at least eight major oxides were accepted. Some quality control was exercised, and duplicate analyses, where possible were eliminated. Latitude/longitude information for samples is to the nearest one degree. An accompanying program listing in FORTRAN for searching PETROS is included with the data file, along with complete format documentation.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Garrity, C.P., and Soller, D.R., in review, Geologic database of the Geologic Map of North America (v.1.0), adapted from Reed et al. (2005): U.S. Geological Survey Data Product, to be available on CDROM and WWW. [Source map is: Reed, J.C., Wheeler, J.O., and Tucholke, B.E., 2005, Geologic Map of North America, South Sheet, Geological Society of America Continent-Scale Map 001, scale 1:5000000, available at http://www.geosociety.org/bookstore/default.asp?oID=0&catID=12&pID=CSM001F]. Information on digital conversion of this map will, by late August, become available in technical paper by Garrity and Soller, at http://ngmdb.usgs.gov/Info/dmt/DMT07presentations.html. Preparation for OneGeology WMS by S.M. Richard (Arizona Geological Survey and U.S. Geological Survey), C.P. Garrity (USGS), D.C. Percy (Portland State University and U.S. Geological Survey), and D.R. Soller (USGS).The NOAA/NOS and USCGS Seabed Descriptions from Hydrographic Surveys database is a compilation of surficial sediment composition from multiple sources for over 200,000 seafloor sediment samples primarily around U.S. coastal areas. The descriptions were abstracted from unpublished data reports and Bottom Type "M" log sheets, and digitized from survey smooth sheets produced by the NOAA National Ocean Service (NOS) and its predecessor, the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey (USCGS). Prior to August 2001, many physical sediment samples were routinely sent to the Smithsonian Institution Museum of Natural History (NMNH) for archive with accompanying "M" log forms from which bottom type and other information were coded into the NMNH sediment database. In 2001, NMNH sent a copy of the database to NGDC to be incorporated into the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples database, and for distribution to data users needing access to the bottom type information in the files. With support from NOS, NGDC digitized several thousand additional bottom type observations from historic NOS Hydrographic Survey smooth sheets and added them to the database. NOS is coding thousands more bottom type observations for entry into the database from survey Data Reports, or DRs. In 2011, NOS began adding standardized digital bottom type descriptions to the database using the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) SF57 standard "NATSUR" (nature of surface) and "NATQUA" (nature of surface qualifier) coding scheme, transferring the data to NGDC in KML form for archive and upload to the geospatially-enabled database. Hydrographic Technical Directive (HTD)2011-6 contains the official new directive. Data are free for online search and download.NGDC manages a wide variety of geophysical data including trackline and survey data as two distinct types. Multibeam data tend to bridge these data models depending on scale and track pattern. One of NGDC's geophysical data holdings is the MBBDB system which has been assembled as an online data base using existing Commercial and Government Off-The-Shelf (COTS and GOTS) software systems: ORACLE, ArcGIS, Generic Mapping Tools (GMT), MB-System, and Autochart. The MBBDB is a world wide compilation of mulitbeam bathymetric data.This geophysical and sampling survey has been carried out by British Geological Survey (BGS) for BGS, the survey took place in August to October 1973 in the Upper Humber on board the MV Wyke. The purpose was to collect data as part of UK regional mapping programme. Sub-bottom profiling data were collected using sparker. Sample data were collected using hand corer; Vibrocorer and Shipek Grab. These data are archived by BGS. No BGS survey report currently available.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). In 1992, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) placed most of the core data from legs 101-129 of the ODP onto CDROM in cooperation with NSF and JOI. The data are from an ODP relational database system in place prior to the later, JANUS, system. Not all of the data in this archive were transferred to JANUS, so some data files are unique. In 2001, the CDROM was replaced by a new version with an HTML interface, and also placed online. Data types included are: Age profile, carbon-carbonate, corelog, gas chromatography, gamma ray attenuation porositoy evaluator (GRAPE) special 2-minute counts, hard-rock visual core descriptions, hard-rock thin section descriptions, index properties of sediment, interstitial water chemistry, paleomagnetic susceptibility and intensity, rock evaluator data, sedimentary lithology, site summary, smearslide descriptions, velocity, and x-ray fluorescence data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationMathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The EX-12-05 Leg 1 cruise represents a partnership between NOAA Okeanos Explorer Program, National Science Foundation (NSF) and Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) - with each partner bringing different but complementary objectives to the table. NOAA's Office of Ocean Exploration and Research (OER) primary focus during EX-12-05 Leg 1 is to test the use of an AUV operated from the Okeanos Explorer while the ship is outfitted for "full" exploration mode (with joint ROV operations) and to explore what it will take to integrate an AUV into telepresence-enabled exploration. NSF and WHOI objectives for this cruise include a series of engineering trials and experiments of the Sentry AUV capabilities. NSF objectives for this cruise also include survey data collection using the Sentry AUV and Okeanos Explorer systems that will support a follow-on NSF-funded project at Blake Ridge in 2013 with Principal Investigator, Cindy Van Dover.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) radio telescope.eCommons@Cornell eCommons@Cornell DSpace repositoryConsistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.CC Wiki (en)WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains surface locations for oil and gas wells located in the Gulf of Mexico federal waters. Note: Wells are being added or modified continuously; obtaining updates of this database are required to know the true distribution of well data.Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record.Contains the well surface locations as of March 2015.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Beaker 1.6.5 documentation Search Beaker 1.6.5 documentationpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationN/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The authors present four companion digital models of the age, age uncertainty, spreading rates and spreading asymmetries of the world's ocean basins as geographic and Mercator grids with 2 minute resolution. The grids include data from all the major ocean basins as well as detailed reconstructions of back-arc basins. The age, spreading rate and asymmetry at each grid node is determined by linear interpolation between adjacent seafloor isochrons in the direction of spreading. Ages for ocean floor between the oldest identified magnetic anomalies and continental crust are interpolated by geological estimates of the ages of passive continental margin segments. The age uncertainties for grid cells coinciding with marine magnetic anomaly identifications, observed or rotated to their conjugate ridge flanks, are based on the difference between gridded age and observed age. The uncertainties are also a function of the distance of a given grid cell to the nearest age observation, and the proximity to fracture zones or other age discontinuities. Asymmetries in crustal accretion appear to be frequently related to asthenospheric flow from mantle plumes to spreading ridges, resulting in ridge jumps towards hotspots. The authors also use the new age grid to compute global residual basement depth grids from the difference between observed oceanic basement depth and predicted depth using two alternative age-depth relationships. The new set of grids helps to investigate prominent negative depth anomalies, which may be alternatively related to subducted slab material descending in the mantle or to asthenospheric flow. A combination of these digital grids and the associated relative and absolute plate motion model with seismic tomography and mantle convection model outputs represent a valuable set of tools to investigate geodynamic problems.WMSThis is a map service for a story map on the Tourism and Recreation and Offshore Minerals sectors of the ocean economy. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information. For additional information, please contact the NOAA Coastal Services Center (http://csc.noaa.gov/contact/contactForm.htm).Ship track of the R/V Seward Johnson during the "Investigating the Charleston Bump 2003" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, August 2 through August 16, 2003. This track was based on the hourly ship's position from the Virtual Instrument Data System (VIDS) provided by the University of Miami Marine Technology Group at Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.This dataset focuses on studies of water quality in the Ala Wai Canal in order to determine its role of point and non point source disharge into Mamala Bay. The Pollutant Source Identification Project (MB-3) sought to provide a summary and analysis of pollutant loads to Mamala Bay from both point and nonpoint sources. One aspect of the study was the run-off into the ocean from the Ala Wai Canal. For better understanding the processes in the Ala Wai Canal, two 24-hour intensive sampling studies were performed. Measurements included temperature, salinity, water velocity, and various water quality parameters. The field work took place from 25-26 March and 6-7 July 1994.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThis data set compiled a part of oceanographic observation results of Northwest Pacific Carbon Cycle Study (NOPACCS). NOPACCS operated from 1990 to 1996 by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development (NEDO). Survey and research activities of NOPACCS consigned to the Kansai Environmental Engineering Center, Co., Ltd.Data generated by aerial sensing of radiation emanating from the earth's surface in Alaska provides general estimates of the geographic distribution of Uranium, Thorium, and Potassium in surficial and bedrock units throughout this area.This database contains trip-level reports submitted by vessels participating in Research Set-Aside projects with IVR reporting requirements.Methane emissions from the sea floor affect methane inputs into the atmosphere, ocean acidification and de-oxygenation, the distribution of chemosynthetic communities and energy resources. Global methane flux from seabed cold seeps has only been estimated for continental shelves, at 8 to 65 Tg CH4 yr 1, yet other parts of marine continental margins are also emitting methane. The US Atlantic margin has not been considered an area of widespread seepage, with only three methane seeps recognized seaward of the shelf break. However, massive upper-slope seepage related to gas hydrate degradation has been predicted for the southern part of this margin, even though this process has previously only been recognized in the Arctic. Here we use multibeam water-column backscatter data that cover 94,000 km2 of sea floor to identify about 570 gas plumes at water depths between 50 and 1,700 m between Cape Hatteras and Georges Bank on the northern US Atlantic passive margin. About 440 seeps originate at water depths that bracket the updip limit for methane hydrate stability. Contemporary upper-slope seepage there may be triggered by ongoing warming of intermediate waters, but authigenic carbonates observed imply that emissions have continued for more than 1,000 years at some seeps. Extrapolating the upper-slope seep density on this margin to the global passive margin system, we suggest that tens of thousands of seeps could be discoverable.The Crustal Ages of the Ocean Floor Poster was created at NGDC using the Crustal Ages of the Ocean Floor database draped digitally over a relief of the ocean floor database. The Crustal Ages of the Ocean Floor database was created by a consortia of marine scientists including Dr. R. Dietmar Muller, Dept. of Geology and Geophysics, University of Sydney, Australia, Dr. Walter R. Roest, Geological Survey of Canada, Ottawa, Canada, Dr. Jean-Yves Royer, Lab. de Geodynamique, Villefranche Sur Mer, France, Dr. Lisa M. Gahagan, Institute for Geophysics, University of Texas, Austin, Texas, and Dr. John G. Sclater, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, La Jolla, California. This version of the age grid is based on the geomagnetic time scale of Cande and Kent (1995) for magnetic anomalies younger than chron 34 (83.5 Ma), and on the time scale from Gradstein et al, (1994) for older times. The grid node interval is 6 arc-minutes using a self- consistent set of global isochrons and associated plate reconstruction poles. The age of each grid node was determined by linear interpolation between adjacent isochrons in the direction of spreading. Ages for ocean floor between the oldest identified magnetic anomalies and continental crust were interpolated by estimating the ages of passive continental margin segments from geological data and published plate models. The gridded ages of the ocean floor are based on a digital set of isochrons. The isochrons are based on a large number of marine magnetic anomaly data, satellite altimetry data, and a self- consistent plate model. The finite rotation poles that the isochrons are based on and the references to the magnetic anomaly and fracture zone data are documented in the: University of Texas Institute for Geophysics Technical Report No. 117, 1992, "A global isochron chart" by J.-Y. Royer, R.D. Muller, L.M. Gahagan, L.A. Lawver, C.L. Mayes, D. Nurnberg, and J.G. Sclater. Digital age and error grids, files of continent-ocean boundaries and present day plate boundaries, a C-program to adapt the grid to new timescales, can be obtained from public ftp sites in North America and Australia.This British Geological Survey (BGS) geophysical survey took place in August 1972 in the Sound of Jura and Irish Sea on board the MV Researcher. The purpose was to conduct gravity meter trials and collect data for UK regional mapping. Subsurface data were gathered using a gravity meter. These data were are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS report WB/MG/73/39.Economic data collected for years 1998, 2001, 2004, and 2005 and onward for the BSAI Crab Economic Data Report (EDR). Reporting is required of any owner or leaseholder of a vessel or processing plant, or a holder of a registered crab receiver permit, that harvested, processed, custom processed, or obtained custom processing for rationalized crab in specified Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands (BSAI) crab fisheries during the prior calendar year.Overview of the USGS role in the largest dam removal project in U.S. history.WMSDaily U.S. Snow Monitoring is a web based product available at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The data is extracted from the digital dataset U.S. COOP Summary of the Month (DSI-3220). This is meteorological data from the U.S. Cooperative Observer Network (COOP), which consists of stations operated by state universities, state or federal agencies, and also private individuals whose stations are managed and maintained by the National Weather Service (NWS). The network includes regular NWS offices, and airports with weather stations operated by the NWS or the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The Network also includes U.S. military bases. There are typically about 8,000 stations operating in any one year. The earliest data, organized by month, from DSI-3220 begins in 1886. Attributes from the extracted data include COOP ID, WBAN ID, Station Name, State, Year, Latitude, Longitude, Station Elevation, and Daily Snowfall.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search Engine for the PDBj website (PDBID, keyword, website, status and ligand search)A brief definition and explanation of hypoxia with special reference to the Gulf of Mexico hypoxic zone along the Louisiana-Texas coast as well as extensive links to USGS and other related information resources.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This digital data release consists of an ARC/INFO grid and associated INFO tables. The grid is called MUID and has STATSGO (U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1994) soil mapping unit identifiers gridded on a 1-kilometer resolution for the conterminous United States. The INFO tables have soil characteristics data in them. The ITEMS in the tables are weighted average values for several soil characteristics in the STATSGO data base. The weighted average values were computed by aggregating the soil layers and components in the data base. The INFO tables are called MUID.LAYER, MUID.COMP, MUID.KFACT, MUID.TFACT, and MUID.WEG. The INFO tables can be related or joined to the MUID grid or to individual State coverages (grids or polygons) of MUIDs. Joining or relating the tables to the MUID grid creates 1-kilometer resolution grids of the soil characteristics for the conterminous United States. The soil characteristics in MUID.LAYER are permeability (PERML and PERMH in the STATSGO data base), available water capacity (AWCL and AWCH), bulk density (BDL and BDH), and organic matter (OML and OMH). The soil characteristics in MUID.COMP are slope (SLOPEL and SLOPEH), depth to seasonally high water table (WTDEPL and WTDEPH), and depth to bedrock (ROCKDEPL and ROCKDEPH). The soil characteristic in MUID.KFACT is the soil erodibility factor (KFACT), the soil characteristic in MUID.TFACT is the soil loss tolerance factor (TFACT), and the soil characteristic in MUID.WEG is the wind erosion group (WEG). The MUID grid and INFO tables were created with a set of arc macro language (aml) and Fortran programs. Send electronic mail to dwolock@usgs.gov to obtain copies of the computer code. (See Procedures_Used.)This data displays a core outline of the Hanna Shoal Ecosystem Study area.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The AMAPPS survey will primarily focus on beaked whale species, with the following objectives: 1) Develop a better understanding of beaked whale habitat use and site fidelity for abundance and monitoring of critical areas, 2) Quantify efficacy of passive acoustic monitoring for detection and abundance of these species, through controlled methodological tests and in comparison to a bottom-mounted recorders (AMAR), 3) Determine the distribution and relative abundance of plankton and prey species, 4) When possible, collect identification photographs and biopsy samples.The overarching goal of this collaboration was to provide the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary (FGBNMS) staff with information on biogeographic patterns within the Sanctuary. This specific project focused on the development of a plan to spatially and quantitatively characterize the fish communities in relatively shallow waters throughout the Sanctuary (less than 110 ft). This collaboration also included the initial implementation of that plan. The FGBNMS represents the northernmost tropical western Atlantic coral reef on the continental shelf and support the most highly developed offshore hard bank community in the region. The complexity of habitats supports a diverse assemblage of organisms including approximately 250 species of fish, 23 species of coral, and 80 species of algae in addition to large sponge communities. Understanding and monitoring these resources is critical to both sanctuary inventory and management activities.Monitoring of the biological communities has taken place at FGBNMS since the 1970s. This work has focused primarily on monitoring the benthos with video transects and photostations documenting transitions between coral, algae and sponge communities over time. Until relatively recently, little has been done to monitor or characterize the reef fish community. In 1994 the Reef Environmental Education Foundation (REEF) began surveys of the Sanctuary and utilized a combination of REEF personnel, volunteers, and Sanctuary staff to visually census reef fish populations via roving diver surveys. These surveys have been invaluable in terms of species list development and understanding the ranges of these species. Subsequently, a stationary point-count survey technique was utilized to begin to quantify community metrics such as species abundance and trophic structure at selected locations. These data provide an important starting point for characterizing the fish community; however, they are limited in scope of inference to small portions of the Sanctuary coral cap environment and are therefore difficult to utilize in developing population estimates at the scale of the Sanctuary.This file was compiled by the Japan Oceanographic Data Center using the IOC Marine Geological Data Format. It includes 748 master records and 1740 data records. It contains information on unconsolidated sediments and hard rocks from the seafloor, including station location, collecting institution and ship, date of collection, type of collecting device, analysis method(s), grain size information, biogenous components, structure, non-biogenous components, age, sediment color, and remarks. Igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks are also noted including encrustations, and erratics. Mass physical properties are given for sediments, including density, specific gravity of solids, water content, void ration, porosity, Atterberg limits, activity, cohesion, consolidation, sensitivity, and acoustic properties. These data are available for direct download from NGDC's Web site.WMSThe National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of precipitation probabilities. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of precipitation probabilities, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.Earth-prints Earth-prints DSpace repositoryNODC Accession 0115901 contains raw underway profile, meteorological, time series, navigational and physical data logged by the Scientific Computer System (SCS) aboard the NOAA Ship Henry B. Bigelow in the Bay of Fundy and North Atlantic Ocean from 2013-09-06 to 2013-11-15. Office of Marine and Aviation Operations (OMAO) personnel aboard the ship submitted these data and associated metadata to NODC. In addition, NODC Accession 0115901 contains supplementary cruise-level metadata, which OMAO personnel logged in the Ship Daily Activity Log (SDAL). OMAO and NODC personnel developed the automated process to archive these data under the auspices of the NOAA Rolling Deck to Repository (NOAA R2R) program.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Radiometric ages of rocks or minerals sampled from Alaska. The data were collected from professional publications and/or received from researchers and used by permission.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This British Geological Survey (BGS) marine geophysical survey took place from the May to June in the SW Approaches on board the TSS profiler. The purpose was to collect data for regional survey of the UK continental Shelf. See Survey 1973/7 for the second phase of the project. A total of 6395km over 91 survey lines were collected during 1973/6 (Lines 1-49) and 1973/7 (Lines 50-91) surveys. Sea floor data were collected using echo sounder and transit sonar. Sub-bottom profiling data were collected using gravity meter; magnetometer; pinger and sparker. The data were recorded as paper records. These data are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS report WB/MG/74/48.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 4 towboard surveys (7.2872 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island during the NW Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise TC0207 from 8 September - 7 October 2002. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.This data set contains lidar point data (Geodetic Coordinates) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Long Beach to the US/Mexico border. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 (tail number N6602L) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 28-30 September 2004; Julian Days 27204, 27304, and 27404 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 950-1150m AGL, and ground speed: 90-132kts. Settings were different on final day of surveying due to low clouds and flight restrictions: beam divergence: wide, altitude: 320-620m AGL, and ground speed: 101-121kts. Three GPS base stations (Seal Beach, Dana Point, and Point Loma, see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates) were operating during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.Version 3.0 of the NFHP Data System consists of data access and visualization tools and underlying data management tools and functions. The NFHP National Assessment Results Viewer allows users to visualize the primary results reported in Through a Fish's Eye: The Status of Fish Habitats in the United States 2010 at various spatial scales. It depicts the condition of stream and coastal habitats across the country on a variety of base maps and provides one-click access to more detailed information at finer scales. The NFHP Data Theme Viewer provides a summarized look at available data by theme. Datasets are displayed to show data distribution and data density nationally, compared to available data linked to the NFHP spatial framework. The first theme to be provided is the Biological Data theme. Future priority data themes will be determined through the efforts of the National Science and Data Committee. The NFHP Data System provides streamlined data access and download capabilities for national and partnership data via a familiar Web page format. Behind the scenes, data management and delivery tools are powered by two existing USGS systems to enhance the data sharing, documentation, and delivery capabilities available to partners: USGS ScienceBase provides the data file upload and catalog services, while the USGS Core Science Metadata Clearinghouse assists with data documentation and preservation best practices that will improve the ability for partners, researchers, and managers whom access and use data now and in the future.These trends include all counts of fish obtained at a hatchery or one of its satellite facilities. The only method allowed is hatchery rack / weir, and the count types are either total live fish or total live fish returned above hatchery (for fish passed above the barrier). Life stage may be adults, jacks, or a combination of the two life stages, and is presumed to be adults, unless specified otherwise in the source documentation. The principal sources of these data are published agency reports, and unpublished agency files and data bases. This data category is available through StreamNet's online query system, which allows users to explore and filter the StreamNet database and download selected results. For help in using the StreamNet query system, please consult the user guide, available at http://www.streamnet.org/onlinehelp/user_guide_03.htmlNODC Accession 0120490 contains raw underway meteorological, time series, navigational and physical data logged by the Scientific Computer System (SCS) aboard the NOAA Ship Ronald H. Brown in the North Pacific Ocean and South Pacific Ocean from 2014-03-23 to 2014-04-08. Office of Marine and Aviation Operations (OMAO) personnel aboard the ship submitted these data and associated metadata to NODC. In addition, NODC Accession 0120490 contains supplementary cruise-level metadata, which OMAO personnel logged in the Ship Daily Activity Log (SDAL). OMAO and NODC personnel developed the automated process to archive these data under the auspices of the NOAA Rolling Deck to Repository (NOAA R2R) program.The Submarine Ring of Fire 2012 cruise will use the University of Bremen Quest 4000 remotely operated vehicle to locate, map and sample hydrothermal sites at seamounts and spreading centers in the Lau Basin. The sites were discovered by water column surveys, camera tows and prior dives with a remotely operated vehicle during cruises funded by NOAA, NSF and Nautilus Minerals Inc. in the past 8 years. They range in depth from ~750 to ~2600 m. We expect to visit 10 to 13 sites during the cruise. When the ROV is not in the water we will conduct other operations including multibeam surveys (with concurrent towed magnetometer, gravimeter, ADCP, and HDSS), CTD vertical and towed hydrocasts generally at locations close to the planned targets.SURF_MET_WIND is a wind dataset gathered by gathered by WMO. Currently, there are about 10,000+ SURF_MET stations worldwide. Data delivered through Plymoth State Weather Center.Egg morphological developmental stage for eggs of selected species captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets. Sequential developmental stages are described by Moser and Ahlstrom (1985; see the info url references section).Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on montane ecosystemsSize data for non-larval fish captured in MOCNESS tows as part of a few special studies.The SEATAR files were compiled by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography with funds from IDOE/NSF, as part of the SIO world sediment data bank, under the direction of Jane Frazer and Mary Fisk. Data were abstracted from published sources through 1976 and include descriptions of 5919 grabs/dredges and 2249 cores from the area 15 degrees south to 45 degrees north, 90 degrees to 150 degrees east. The Indian Ocean, North Pacific Ocean, South China Sea, Philippine Sea, Inland Sea, Eastern China Sea, Yellow Sea, Japan Sea, East Indian Archipelago, Coral Sea, Solomon Sea, and Bismarck Seas are included. The files include station information, bibliographic references, and descriptive information including lithology, percent CaCO3, constituents by grain size, organic material/fossils, ages, other features, and minerals. Additional SEATAR data in other formats are also available through NGDC. Digital SEATAR sediment files are available for direct download from NGDC's Web site. MGGD15995014. Data Announcement 81-MGG-04.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on climate changeThis shapefile is an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing census tracks and block numbering areas.The NOAA Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and change products for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats, on a one-to-five year repeat cycle. The timeframe for this metadata is reported as 1985 - 2010-Era, but the actual dates of the Landsat imagery used to create the land cover may have been acquired a few years before or after each era. These maps are developed utilizing Landsat Thematic Mapper imagery, and can be used to track changes in the landscape through time. This trend information gives important feedback to managers on the success or failure of management policies and programs and aid in developing a scientific understanding of the Earth system and its response to natural and human-induced changes. This understanding allows for the prediction of impacts due to these changes and the assessment of their cumulative effects, helping coastal resource managers make more informed regional decisions. NOAA C-CAP is a contributing member to the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics consortium and C-CAP products are included as the coastal expression of land cover within the National Land Cover Database.Sidescan sonar image, surficial geologic interpretation, and bathymetry of the Long Island Sound sea floor.This data set includes data collected in 1999 after Hurricane Dennis and before Hurricane Floyd along the outer banks of North Carolina. Laser beach mapping uses a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and coastal topography. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the beach at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying from the low water line to the landward base of the sand dunes.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationN/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Five trace elements with human-health concerns were detected at high concentrations: arsenic, boron, fluoride, molybdenum, and strontium. Chromium was detected at moderate concentrations.The authors present four companion digital models of the age, age uncertainty, spreading rates and spreading asymmetries of the world's ocean basins as geographic and Mercator grids with 2 minute resolution. The grids include data from all the major ocean basins as well as detailed reconstructions of back-arc basins. The age, spreading rate and asymmetry at each grid node is determined by linear interpolation between adjacent seafloor isochrons in the direction of spreading. Ages for ocean floor between the oldest identified magnetic anomalies and continental crust are interpolated by geological estimates of the ages of passive continental margin segments. The age uncertainties for grid cells coinciding with marine magnetic anomaly identifications, observed or rotated to their conjugate ridge flanks, are based on the difference between gridded age and observed age. The uncertainties are also a function of the distance of a given grid cell to the nearest age observation, and the proximity to fracture zones or other age discontinuities. Asymmetries in crustal accretion appear to be frequently related to asthenospheric flow from mantle plumes to spreading ridges, resulting in ridge jumps towards hotspots. The authors also use the new age grid to compute global residual basement depth grids from the difference between observed oceanic basement depth and predicted depth using two alternative age-depth relationships. The new set of grids helps to investigate prominent negative depth anomalies, which may be alternatively related to subducted slab material descending in the mantle or to asthenospheric flow. A combination of these digital grids and the associated relative and absolute plate motion model with seismic tomography and mantle convection model outputs represent a valuable set of tools to investigate geodynamic problems.Near-real-time maps of location, ground motion, and shaking intensity of earthquakes in California and Nevada for the past hour, past day, and past week and links to other earthquake information.WMS Service for RGIS dataset Rio Grande Channel, Northern Mesilla Valley, NM, before 1844 (8186ef0e-c7af-4002-9759-1c3432db4758)Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Counts of primarily planktonic foraminifera from Dr. W.F. Ruddiman and staff at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University are included in these files. Some diatom observations made by Dr. C. Sancetta of LDEO are also included. The data set consists of approximately 35 files of faunal counts including core id., latitude, longitude, water depth, and appropriate transfer function. Data also include depth in core, count of total species, total abundance, case condition for count, core type code, and faunal code. A taxonomic overview is included, along with complete documentation. Associated Sea Surface temperature estimates are also included. These data are available for direct ftp download from NGDC's Web server.Datashare Datashare DSpace repositoryAs the leading ocean agency, and as per the Guidelines for Research, Exploration and Salvage of RMS Titanic, issued under the authority of the RMS Titanic Maritime Act of 1986, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency (NOAA) has a vested interest in the appropriate treatment and preservation of the Titanic wreck site. NOAA supports continual scientific research of the wreck for the sake of advancing knowledge of in situ preservation and degradation rate. Throughout its endeavors with Titanic, NOAA intends to promote full participation with other federal agencies, and academic and research institutions with respect to exploration and research of the wreck site. An eleven-day cruise to the Titanic wreck site will be conducted aboard the Russian science vessel R/V Akademik Mstislav Keldysh in conjunction with Deep Ocean Expeditions (DOE). A majority of the cruise time will be allocated to Jim Cameron?s staff for filming purposes. However, NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration (OE) has acquired two days of operation time with use of the vessel?s MIR submersibles.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Fact sheet on the formation of acid rain, its effects, investigations, and the program of a nationwide network of acid rain monitoring stations called the National Atmospheric Deposition Program/National Trends Network (NADP/NTN).This data set contains Continental Shelf Boundary (CSB) lines in ESRI shapefile format for the BOEM Gulf of Mexico Region. The CSB defines the seaward limit of federally managed OCS lands. The line depicts the limit of U.S. jurisdiction for offshore mineral development. This CSB file only includes the lateral boundaries between the United States and Mexico, or Cuba. That portion of the CSB defined by the 200 nautical mile line is not yet included. The BOEM CSB line is similar to, the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) line published by NOAA, but the CSB may have slight differences. For example the CSB line will include intersection points with the BOEM OCS blocks. Additional details are available from OCS Report MMS 99-0006 - Boundary Development on the Outer Continental Shelf: http://www.boem.gov/uploadedFiles/BOEM/Oil_and_Gas_Energy_Program/Mapping_and_Data/99-0006.pdfBecause GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact baseline coordinates. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions. Contains the continental shelf boundary as of March 15, 2013. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files. Shape files put at \\\\\\\\imsnolna04\\\\le\\\\shared\\\\GISPublicInfo.We estimated means of 4.7 billion barrels of undiscovered oil and 227 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas in three major offshore petroleum basins using a geology-based assessment methodology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Scientific DataA digital elevation model (DEM) of a portion of the Mississippi and Alabama barrier islands, post-Hurricane Gustav (September 2008 hurricane), was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Park Service (NPS), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters, resulting in a laser swath of approximately 240 meters with an average point spacing of 2-3 meters. The EAARL, developed originally by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of +/-15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be surveyed easily within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .(en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This map displays examples of how MarineCadastre.gov products are being used around the United States.This dataset contains measurements of downwelling brightness temperature at 16 frequencies between 22.2 and 150 GHz at approximately 5 s temporal resolution. The observations were made by two radiometers (from Radiometer Physics GmbH) that are time-synced. This dataset contains only sky brightness temperatures; however, these data can be used to retrieve precipitable water vapor, cloud liquid water path, and profiles of temperature in the boundary layer. These radiometers periodically collect elevation scan data (horizon to horizon) that will be used to improve accuracy of the retrieved temperature profiles and to use for in-field calibrations (via tip-curve analysis). The radiometers are calibrated using liquid nitrogen approximately 4 times per year. The raw data are converted into netCDF format. The ICECAPS field operations at Summit are supported by the National Science Foundation's Arctic Observing Network (AON) Program.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data.Gov | Open Federal DataEstimates of undiscovered petroleum resources in coastal west Africa, including offshore areas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Webiste der Fachgruppe Entwicklungsmethoden f r Informationssysteme und deren Anwendung (EMISA) des Fachbereichs Datenbanken und Informationssysteme (FBDBIS)geographical search engineThe European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.Links to fact sheet describing the database of spatial information on sage grouse and sagebrush habitats.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains the individual carcass weights for swordfish and tunas, sharks and other species. Because of the market value of these species, each fish is individually weighed and recorded as the vessels are being unloaded. Vessels and/or dealers that have federal permits for these two fisheries are required to submit the information from these sales receipts (tally sheets) to the Southeast Fisheries Science Center (SEFSC). This program began as a research project conducted by researchers associated with universities. In 1994, the National Marine Fisheries Service began to manage the collection and processing of these data. Although swordfish are the primary commercial species caught and recorded individually on the sales receipts, the weights of other species were also listed on the tally sheets. Prior to 1985, the weigh-out data for the other (non-swordfish) species were not recorded. Beginning in 1986, the SEFSC began to enter the individual carcass weights for all species listed on the tally sheets. The data in this data set include the following; a unique code for each vessel that lands these species and report to the SEFSC, date of landing, state and port landed, code of the dealer purchasing the catch, gear fished, data source, location code of general fishing area, total hooks fished, days of actual fishing, total number of sets, and a species code along with the individual carcass weights for each species. All records from a specific trip are identified by their respective vessel codes and date of landing. Prior to 1986, effort (hooks, days fished, number of sets) information was recorded from personal vessel logbooks voluntarily submitted by vessel captains/owners. Beginning in 1986, all pelagic longline vessels that actively fished are required to submit daily logbook set records for each trip. Based upon this information, fishing effort is determined and, subsequently, added to the domestic longline database.Climatic atlas dated 1985, in Mongolian, with introductory material also in Russian and English. One hundred eight pages in single page PDFs.Studies in Eastern United States on massive sulfide deposits in Maine, Vermont, Great Smoky Mountains, and Virginia to assess potential environmental impacts.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Global Temperature-Salinity Profile Programme (GTSPP) develops and maintains a global ocean temperature and salinity resource with data that are both up-to-date and of the highest quality. It is a joint World Meteorological Organization (WMO) and Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission (IOC) program. It includes data from XBTs, CTDs, moored and drifting buoys, and PALACE floats. For information about organizations contributing data to GTSPP, see http://gosic.org/goos/GTSPP-data-flow.htm . The U.S. National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) maintains the GTSPP Continuously Managed Data Base and releases new 'best-copy' data once per month. WARNING: This dataset has a *lot* of data. If you request too much data, your request will fail. * If you don't specify a longitude and latitude bounding box, don't request more than a month's data at a time. * If you do specify a longitude and latitude bounding box, you can request data for a proportionally longer time period. Requesting data for a specific station_id may be slow, but it works. *** This ERDDAP dataset has data for the entire world for all available times (currently, up to and including the June 2014 data) but is a subset of the original NODC 'best-copy' data. It only includes data where the quality flags indicate the data is 1=CORRECT, 2=PROBABLY GOOD, or 5=MODIFIED. It does not include some of the metadata, any of the history data, or any of the quality flag data of the original dataset. You can always get the complete, up-to-date dataset (and additional, near-real-time data) from the source: http://www.nodc.noaa.gov/GTSPP/ . Specific differences are: * Profiles with a position_quality_flag or a time_quality_flag other than 1|2|5 were removed. * Rows with a depth (z) value less than -0.4 or greater than 10000 or a z_variable_quality_flag other than 1|2|5 were removed. * Temperature values less than -4 or greater than 40 or with a temperature_quality_flag other than 1|2|5 were set to NaN. * Salinity values less than 0 or greater than 41 or with a salinity_quality_flag other than 1|2|5 were set to NaN. * Time values were converted from "days since 1900-01-01 00:00:00" to "seconds since 1970-01-01T00:00:00". See the Quality Flag definitions on page 5 and "Table 2.1: Global Impossible Parameter Values" on page 61 of http://www.nodc.noaa.gov/GTSPP/document/qcmans/GTSPP_RT_QC_Manual_20090916.pdf . The Quality Flag definitions are also at http://www.nodc.noaa.gov/GTSPP/document/qcmans/qcflags.htm .Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A digital version of the Geologic Map of the United States, originally published at a scale of 1:2,500,000 (King and Beikman, 1974b). It excludes Alaska and Hawaii.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Search MembersOnlyTemperature profile data were collected using bottle casts from PERSEY in a world wide distribution. Data were collected from 09 August 1926 to 02 November 1989. Data were submitted and collected by Hydrometeorology Service of the Russian Navy (GSVMF) with support from Data Archaeology / Rescue.In order to determine the current status of and detect any long-term trends in the environmental quality of U.S. nearshore waters, NOAA initiated the National Status and Trends program in 1984 with its National Benthic Surveillance Project. The primary objective of the Benthic Surveillance Project was to quantify concentrations of a suite of organic and inorganic contaminants in the livers of fish and surficial sediments from selected sites in the coastal and estuarine waters of the United States. In addition, the levels of certain indicators of the biological effects of these contaminants were measured. Incidences of visible lesions, including fin erosion, have been noted and histopathological examinations of various tissues have been carried out. Originally histopathological examinations determined the prevalence of any identifiable disease conditions in samples of liver, kidney, and gill tissue.In addition the Benthic Surveillance Project analyzed fish liver tissue sample for cytochrome P4501A (CYP1A) activities in liver via analysis for aryl hydrocarbon hydrolase (ahh). The induction of hepatic CYP1A activity is one of the earliest physiological changes detected after exposure to chemical contaminants. A number of studies have shown that measurement of these biochemical alterations combined with measurement of the above-mentioned injuries, give a more consistent assessment of contaminant exposure in indigenous fish that do single bioeffects measurements.DebianEX1201 is the 2012 shakedown mission of NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer (EX) and will perform system patch tests of the vessel s Kongsberg EM302 multibeam sonar. EX1201 operations are expected to commence on February 14, 2012 at Davisville, RI and conclude on February 23, 2012 at Charleston, SC. The planned transit line is 1,139 nautical miles and is expected to take 5.3 days at an average speed of 9 knots. Multibeam mapping operations will be conducted 24 hours a day during the transit, including regular XBT casts.National-scale geochemical analysis of stream sediments and soils in the US collected and analyzed under the National Uranium Resource Evaluation program.Department of Economics - University of OxfordCounts of primarily planktonic foraminifera from Dr. W.F. Ruddiman and staff at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University are included in these files. Some diatom observations made by Dr. C. Sancetta of LDEO are also included. The data set consists of approximately 35 files of faunal counts including core id., latitude, longitude, water depth, and appropriate transfer function. Data also include depth in core, count of total species, total abundance, case condition for count, core type code, and faunal code. A taxonomic overview is included, along with complete documentation. Associated Sea Surface temperature estimates are also included. These data were originally submitted to NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) for archive and subsequently transferred to NOAA's National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) Paleoclimatology Group for stewardship. These data are available for direct download from NCDC.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Metro Chicago Data | Open Data for ChicagolandSearch OnePetroThis is a final impervious surface layer ready for distribution through NOAA CSC. The data set is an inventory of impervious surfaces for Tinian, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for the year 2005. Impervious surfaces prevent infiltration of precipitation into the soil, disrupting the water cycle and affecting both the quantity and quality of water resources. Impervious surfaces include manmade features such as building rooftops, parking lots and roads consisting of asphalt, concrete and/or compacted dirt. This data set utilized Quickbird multispectral scenes which were processed to detect impervious features on the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.DH 2014 : 7-12 July 2014 Search DH 2014 : 7-12 July 2014 - Co-organized by ADHO, Unil (LADHUL) and EPFL (DHLAB)Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data | World Bank Group FinancesSummaries of geologic projects in cooperation with the National Park Service including Grand Canyon National Park, Lake Mead National Recreation Area, Golden Gate National Recreation Area, Joshua Tree National Park, Yosemite National Park, and others.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) distributes meteorological data from moored buoys maintained by NDBC and others. Moored buoys are the weather sentinels of the sea. They are deployed in the coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. NDBC's moored buoys measure and transmit barometric pressure; wind direction, speed, and gust; air and sea temperature; and wave energy spectra from which significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period are derived. Even the direction of wave propagation is measured on many moored buoys. The data is from NOAA NDBC. It has been reformatted by NOAA Coastwatch, West Coast Node. This dataset only has the data that is closest to a given hour. The time values in the dataset are rounded to the nearest hour. This dataset has both historical data (quality controlled, before 2015-02-01T00:00:00Z) and near real time data (less quality controlled, from 2015-02-01T00:00:00Z on).WMSN/AWe use moderate resolution satellite data to assess live fuel condition for estimating fire danger. Using 23 years of vegetation condition measurements, we are able to determine the relative greenness of wildland vegetation susceptible to burning.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Web sites, organizational units, databases, and services that USGS provides in response to a variety of emergencies.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.USGS water resources home page for Oklahoma with links to hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, climatology, droughts, and water quality plus district and publications information.The Equivalent-Buoy-Density (EBD) is a combination of numbers of observations from buoys and ships, weighted by the SST noise levels from these observations - see the Reference section for detailsNOAA publication dedicated to issues, news and recognition of observers in the National Weather Service Cooperative Observer program. Issues published regionally from 1979-1982, and a single national issues from 1983-2002.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on tropical forest ecosystemsAMS Glossary (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This imagery is derived from NDDOT interim working data and is used to digitize road centerline vector information for the DES Base Map Project.The digitized centerlines will be created with a "sub-meter" accuracy. The imagery will be collected during optimum viewing conditions whenever possible, however maximizing flight mission time is also a major priority. Ideal flying conditions would be during spring and fall seasons when tree and foliage cover is reduced, thus optimizing the viewing accuracy of roadway centerlines. Other factors affecting image quality can be sun angle, haze, wind speed, turbulence and cloud cover. The flight missions are also prioritized to capture certain PSAP (Public Safety Answering Point) areas ahead of other counties; However once again, weather conditions dictate where and when the flight crew can collect data.Certain image anomalies will be visible within the mosaics. These small warpages were addressed during the digitizing phase by using imagery imported from other stages of the process. It is the intent of NDDOT to eventually address all of these anomalies but at this stage of the project, production speed is a higher priority.Pixel size is approximately 0.9-feet, data is processed to UTM-14, NAD83The Base Map missions are created at a flight height above ground (HAG) of 9,000' (2743.2 meters) which creates imagery with a .90'(27.432 cm) ground sample distance (GSD). The resultant imagery covers a base corridor 12,400' (3779.52 meters) wide.Overview of research in the Hawaiian Islands and Guam to gain insight into the structure of coral reefs, to provide the basis for future monitoring, and to understand the influences of natural processes and human activities on coral reef health.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.SLRTool (en-gb)Description and estimated amounts of resources with supporting data for use in GISState of New York | Open DataThis British Geological Survey (BGS) marine geophysical survey took place in June to August 1984 to the west of the Hebrides on board the MV Gorsethorn. The purpose was to collect data as part of the UK continental shelf survey programme. The objective was to survey the St. Kilda sheet and part of the Little Minch sheet. Sea floor data were collected using echosounder and sidescan sonar. Sub-bottom seismic profiling data were collected using Airgun, Pinger and Sparker. Gravity and Magnetometer data were recorded. These records are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey data are contained in BGS report WB/89/6R.This dataset is a record of fish distribution and activity for SUMMER CHINOOK contained in the StreamNet database. This feature class was created based on linear event data extracted from the StreamNet database on March 21, 2006. Distribution is based upon the best professional judgement of local fish biologists, in the Pacific Northwest Region (Oregon, Washington, and Idaho). These data were collected by biologists at the state fish & wildlife agencies of Washington (WDFW), Oregon (ODFW) and Idaho (IDFG). Data were then compiled by StreamNet staff into paper maps or event tables at the state level. These event tables were submitted to the StreamNet regional staff at Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commision (PSMFC) where this regional distribution feature class was created from the source route event tables. All data is referenced to the PNW 1:100,000 River Reach Hydrography (http://www.streamnet.org/pnwr/pnwrhome.html) on the LLID-based stream routing system.U.S.V.I. relative erosion rate by land cover type (2000)Includes: UTM zones, BLM Administrative Boundaries, Urban Areas, Counties, 100K quadrangle boundaries, Major Roads, US Highways, Interstates, State boundaries. FGDC metadata available at http://www.geocommunicator.gov/GeoComm/metadata/basemaps/BLM_MAP_BASEMAPS.htmWorld Cities represents a base map layer of the locations of cities for the world. The cities include national capitals, provincial capitals, major population centers, and landmark cities.This data set consists of six-inch pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.Data showing ocean uses patterns in the Kawaihae-Keahole region of Hawaii Island and the Honolua-Wahikuli region of Maui Island. Data compiled from a series of participatory ocean use mapping workshops held in 2010 and 2011. Data provide use patterns showing general use areas and dominant use or hotspot areas.This data set is a digital soil survey and generally is the most detailed level of soil geographic data developed by the National Cooperative Soil Survey. The information was prepared by digitizing maps, by compiling information onto a planimetric correct base and digitizing, or by revising digitized maps using remotely sensed and other information. This data set consists of georeferenced digital map data and computerized attribute data. The map data are in a soil survey area extent format and include a detailed, field verified inventory of soils and miscellaneous areas that normally occur in a repeatable pattern on the landscape and that can be cartographically shown at the scale mapped. A special soil features layer (point and line features) is optional. This layer displays the location of features too small to delineate at the mapping scale, but they are large enough and contrasting enough to significantly influence use and management. The soil map units are linked to attributes in the National Soil Information System relational database, which gives the proportionate extent of the component soils and their properties.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Status and Trends (NSandT) Benthic Surveillance Fluorescent Aromatic Compounds (FAC) file reports the trace concentrations of Fluorescent Aromatic Compounds. The presence of FACs in fish liver and bile indicate exposure to toxins, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). The Benthic Surveillance Fluorescent Aromatic Compounds file is constructed as a horizontally formatted table.Modeling effort that integrates a wide variety of geographic, hydrologic, agricultural, climatic, and biological information to help local land managers address resource use issues.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. Quarter Quadrangles of ArkansasThe AgSat Imagery Collection Footprints map shows the imagery footprints which have been collected under the USDA satellite blanket purchase agreement. Click on a polygon inside the map to display an informational pop up window which provides information about each imagery collection.The NCEP Climate Forecast System Reanalysis (CFSR) was initially completed for the 31-year period from 1979 to 2009, in January 2010. The CFSR was designed and executed as a global, high resolution, coupled atmosphere-ocean-land surface-sea ice system to provide the best estimate of the state of these coupled domains over this 31-year period. The CFSR has also been extended as an operational, real time product into the future. New features of the CFSR include: (1) coupling of atmosphere and ocean during the generation of the 6 hour guess field; (2) an interactive sea-ice model; and (3) assimilation of satellite radiances by the Grid-point Statistical Interpolation (GSI) scheme over the entire period. The CFSR global atmosphere resolution is approximately 38 km (T382) with 64 levels extending from the surface to 0.26 hPa. The global ocean's latitudinal spacing is 0.25 deg at the equator, extending to a global 0.5 deg beyond the tropics, with 40 levels to a depth of 4737m. The global land surface model has four4 soil levels and the global sea ice model has 3 layers. The CFSR atmospheric model has observed variations in carbon dioxide (CO2) over the 1979-2009 period, together with changes in aerosols and other trace gases and solar variations. Most available in-situ and satellite observation data were included in the CFSR. Satellite-based radiance observations were bias corrected with spin-up runs at full resolution, taking into account variable CO2 concentrations. This procedure enabled smooth transitions of the observation record due to evolutionary changes in satellite observing systems. The CFSR atmospheric, oceanic and land surface output products are available at an hourly time resolution and at a 0.5 deg x 0.5 deg latitude and longitude resolution. In total, there are 10 data products available from the National Climatic Data Center that make up the CFS Reanalysis collection: MON - Monthly Means; TIME - Parameter Timeseries; PGB - 3-D Pressure Level Data; FLX - Surface and Radiative Fluxes; OCN - 3-D Ocean Data; IPV - 3-D Isentropic Level Data; DIAB - 3-D Diabatic Heating Data; GRBLOW - Low-Resolution Data; HIC - High-Res Initial Conditions; LIC - Low-Res Initial Conditions. All data are in GRIB-2 format, except for the initial condition data which are in native binary formats. Total CFSR data volume is approximately 200 TB.WMSThe nowCOAST 'forecasts' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing gridded weather and oceanographic surface forecast products from the NOAA/NWS National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD). The 'forecasts' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.Search The University of Manchester websiteOnline edition of booklet describing desert geology and mineral resources.Monthly Summaries of Global Historical Climatology Network (GHCN)-Daily is a dataset derived from GHCN-Daily. The data are produced by computing simple averages or monthly accumulations of the daily observations. The meteorological elements calculated for the data set include, but are not limited to: monthly maximum and minimum temperature, monthly precipitation (i.e., rainfall and snow water equivalent), snowfall and snow depth. Users of these monthly summaries have access to simple meteorological summaries for tens of thousands of stations worldwide.WordPress for BlackBerry Search WordPress for BlackBerry - Just another WordPress.com weblogWMSDescription of the development and use of models to study watersheds supporting a broad range of applications and user skills. Includes links to related memos, training, software, projects, and referencesThis project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the University of Hawaii, and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. The enhanced spectral resolution of hyperspectral and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. Depending on the type of instrument, a spectral imaging system can be utilized to see multiple colors from ultraviolet through the far infrared range. The AURORA hyperspectral imaging system collected 72 ten nm bands in the visible and near infrared spectral range with a 3 meter pixel resolution. The data was processed to select band widths, which optimized feature detection in shallow and deep water. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.A software model for regional interpretation of water-quality monitoring data, estimating origin and fate of contaminants in streams, with documentation, publications and data for the applications.WMSSearch IFAExplains why and how water from this reservoir, and others like it, sometimes acquire undesirable taste or odor, yet are not dangerous to drink.Update on daily streamflow conditions and drought situation in New Jersey.This data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol. This data set utilized 29 full or partial Quickbird multispectral scenes which were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on the island of Oahu.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Homepage for the Toxic Substances Hydrology Program, which provides scientific information on contaminated sites and on human and environmental health. Links to news, topical information, investigations, meetings, publications, and photos.Tropical Outlook and all Possible Storms for the Atlantic/Caribbean BasinThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Temperature profile and nutrients data were collected using bottle casts from DANA and other platforms in Baffin Sea, Baltic Sea, Davis Strait, North Sea, and North Atlantic Ocean. Data were collected from 02 January 1985 to 13 November 1989.DNR land ownership and administrative interest mapped to the PLS forty level. This layer merges the DNR Control Point Generated PLS layer with IBM mainframe-based land records. Land records in the layer depict lands administered by the DNR Division Forestry. The data are limited to a forty level resolution. Therefore, holdings that are less than a forty in extent are represented as a full forty in the data (although specific fields exist within the attribute tables that allow the user to identify these). Detailed discussion on the issues associated with the application of this data can be found at: http://intranet.dnr.state.mn.us/mis/gis/pdf/landrecords_read.pdfDigitial imagery, mpegs and jpegs, captured from mini-DV magnetic videotapes collected with an underwater 3-chip CCD color video camera, deployed from the research submersible, Clelia (owned by Harbor Branch Oceanographic Inst.). Digital clips captured at a minimum of 150 dpi; mpeg file sizes generally range from 0.5 to over 2 Mb. Digital Imagery Captured from Videotapes Recorded during 2001 Clelia Submersible Dives to the Oculina Banks Deep Sea Coral Reefs. The data presented in the Oculina Banks Geographic Information System (OGIS) was collected as part of a cooperative project between: the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Undersea Research Program, NOAA Fisheries (also primary sponsor of OGIS), NOAA Ocean Service, NOAA Ocean Exploration Program, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS)-- Coastal and Marine Geology Program, Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution (HBOI) and Florida State University. An Oculina Geographic Information System (OGIS) provides a comprehensive, interactive data source for the Oculina Banks Habitat Area of Particular Concern (OHAPC), a marine protected area off the east coast of Florida in 70 to 120 meters of water depth. Data layers include; multi-beam bathymetry, single-beam bathymetry, sidescan mosaics, sediment analyses, resulting interpretative maps of habitat types, video and still imagery from submersible (human occupied and remotely operated vehicles) dive transects and point counts (fish and habitat cover), and dive narratives. This metadata record relates to images captured from videotapes recorded during the 2001 "Islands in the Stream" Expedition, on fourteen "Clelia" submersible dives.WMSThe National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD is available nationwide in two seamless datasets, one based on 1:24,000-scale maps and referred to as high resolution NHD, and the other based on 1:100,000-scale maps and referred to as medium resolution NHD. Additional selected areas in the United States are available based on larger scales, such as 1:5,000-scale or greater, and referred to as local resolution NHD. The NHD supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance and stewardship. For additional information, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov.Metallic and nonmetallic mineral resources throughout the world. Included are deposit name, location, commodity, deposit description, geologic characteristics, production, reserves, resources, and references.Long list of online fact sheets, publications, and maps relevant to earthquake studies.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These raster data of the top surface of the Paleozoic formation of the Upper Colorado River Basin (UCRB) were created for the purpose of developing a generalized predevelopment groundwater flow model of the Mesozoic and Paleozoic aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin and use that model along with a few recharge estimates to estimate water budgets for the aquifers including associated groundwater contributions to the Colorado River surface water system. The modeling exercise also explored considerations for development of a more detailed groundwater flow model that would include all of the major aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on diseases and pathogensSite for a USGS project under the U.S. Global Change Research Program for a national assessment of the impacts of climate variability and change on resources with links to impacts in Alaska, western U.S., public lands, and water resources.Kaiser Health News Search Kaiser Health News -BPI Structures are derived from two scales of a focal mean analysis on bathymetry and slope. The grid is based on gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Structures was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 12 classes in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Johnston Island, Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.Chapter on geographic information systems from a Wildlife Society publication with detailed information on geographic information systems, data structure, image processing, data analysis, application to waterfowl management, and data sources.The Digital Geologic Map of Bryce Canyon National Park and Vicinity, Utah is composed of GIS data layers complete with ArcMap 9.3 layer (.LYR) files, two ancillary GIS tables, a Map PDF document with ancillary map text, figures and tables, a FGDC metadata record and a 9.3 ArcMap (.MXD) Document that displays the digital map in 9.3 ArcGIS. The data were completed as a component of the Geologic Resources Inventory (GRI) program, a National Park Service (NPS) Inventory and Monitoring (I) funded program that is administered by the NPS Geologic Resources Division (GRD). Source geologic maps and data used to complete this GRI digital dataset were provided by the following: USGS. Detailed information concerning the sources used and their contribution the GRI product are listed in the Source Citation sections(s) of this metadata record (brca_metadata.txt; available at http://nrdata.nps.gov/brca/nrdata/geology/gis/brca_metadata.xml). All GIS and ancillary tables were produced as per the NPS GRI Geology-GIS Geodatabase Data Model v. 2.1. (available at: http://science.nature.nps.gov/im/inventory/geology/GeologyGISDataModel.cfm). The GIS data is available as a 9.3 personal geodatabase (brca_geology.mdb), and as shapefile (.SHP) and DBASEIV (.DBF) table files. The GIS data projection is NAD83, UTM Zone 12N. The data is within the area of interest of Bryce Canyon National Park.The US Environmental Protection Agency - Western Ecology Division (EPA) has been monitoring above- and belowground climate data from 23 locations along an Oregon Cascade Mountain Crest-to-Coast transect since 1993. The start date for the sites varied over a several year period. The monitoring sites were located in old-growth and non old-growth coniferous forests (douglas fir, sitka spruce, alder, juniper, ponderosa pine), adjacent clear-cuts, and top of canopy locations. The following variables have been measured every 5-minutes with hourly averages/totals computed for each location: air temperature, relative humidity, rainfall, Photosynthetically Active Radiation (PAR), soil temperature (multiple depths), snow depth (where applicable) and volumetric soil moisture (multiple depths). In addition, wind speed, wind direction, shortwave radiation, and barometric pressure were measured at numerous field site locations. Data are provided as unprocessed raw observations; though some minimal "quality assurance" may have been applied to ensure that data contains "reasonable" values and does not exceed expected calibration thresholds.Search EventsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Galapagos Coral Stable Oxygen Calibration Data. Sites: Bartolome Island: 0 deg, 17 min S, 90 deg 33 min W. Champion Island: 1 deg, 15 min S, 90 deg, 05 min W. Urvina Bay (Isabela Island): 0 deg, 23 min S, 91 deg, 14 min W. Water depth: Bartolome - 3m; Champion - 10m; Urvina- 3m. Species: Bartolome - bart1, bart2, Pavona clavus; bart3, Pavona gigantea; bart4, Porites lobata. Champion - champ1, Pavona gigantea. Urvina Bay - ur1, ur2, ur3, Pavona clavus. Study conducted at three sites in Archipelago: del18Ocoral refers to del18O (PDB) of coral skeleton. del18O h2O refers to del18O (SMOW) seawater. sst refers to monthly sea surface temperatures averaged from hourly instrumental data from each site. salinity values represent monthly means averaged from hourly instrumental data from each site.Reson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected in 15 March to 8 April 2006 aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) at Jarvis Island, Palmyra, Island, and Kingman Island in the Central Pacific during cruise AHI-06-04. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. At Jarvis Island, Hilo (1617760) predicted tides were used with a +2.0 time corrector and a range ratio of 1.10. At Palmyra and Kingman, Honolulu (1612340) predicted tides were used with a +1 hr 19 min time corrector and a range ratio of 0.56. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 10 - 300 m. The AHI was deployed from the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai and concurrent mapping was done using the Simrad EM300 sonars aboard the ship; metadata for HI-06-04 are submitted separately.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.National Collaborative for Women's History SitesWebsite of the Gulf of Mexico Integrated Science program to understand the framework and processes of the Gulf of Mexico using Tampa Bay as a pilot study. Links to publications, digital library, water chemistry maps, epiphytes, and field trips.While the Fujita and Saffir-Simpson Scales characterize tornadoes and hurricanes respectively, there is no widely used scale to classify snowstorms. The Northeast Snowfall Impact Scale (NESIS) developed by Paul Kocin of The Weather Channel and Louis Uccellini of the National Weather Service characterizes and ranks high-impact Northeast snowstorms. These storms have large areas of 10 inch snowfall accumulations and greater. NESIS has five categories: Extreme, Crippling, Major, Significant, and Notable. The index differs from other meteorological indices in that it uses population information in addition to meteorological measurements. Thus NESIS gives an indication of a storm's societal impacts. NESIS scores are a function of the area affected by the snowstorm, the amount of snow, and the number of people living in the path of the storm. The aerial distribution of snowfall and population information are combined in an equation that calculates a NESIS score which varies from around one for smaller storms to over ten for extreme storms. The raw score is then converted into one of the five NESIS categories. The largest NESIS values result from storms producing heavy snowfall over large areas that include major metropolitan centers. For details on how NESIS scores are calculated at the National Climatic Data Center, see Squires and Lawrimore (2006).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.is responsive to employer and worker needs, flexible to the changing environment and driven by principles of quality, continuous improvement, customer satisfaction and fiscal responsibility.Satellite images of geographic areas of interest, cities, deserts, glaciers, geologic features, disaster areas, water bodies, and wildlife linked with articles, maps, and other images such as AVHRR, photographs, and special project images.USGS water resource home page for Minnesota with links to detailed hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data for streamflow, ground and surface water, floods, and water quality plus district information.Website for geospatial data on mineral resources of the U.S. or the world that users can locate by geographic area, view, and download.The West Maui Coastal use Participatory Mapping Project was developed through a partnership between the Hawaii State Division of Aquatic Reousrces (HDAR), NOAA's Pacific Islands Regional Office (PIRO), NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) and NOAA's Pacific Services Center (PSC). The project was designed to enhance ocean management by gathering geospatial data on human uses of the nearshore ocean environment in the Honolua-Wahikuli region of Hawaii. The data were collected from regional ocean experts and users through participatory GIS methods. For more information on the project scope, background and related data products, please visit http://www.hawaiicoralreefstrategy.com/index.php/prioritysites/westmaui.This dataset contains rectified air photos flown during the spring of 1991 and 1992. They show ground conditions at the times they were collected. A digital orthophoto is a raster image of remotely sensed data in which displacement in the image due to sensor orientation and terrain relief have been removed. Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophotoquad (DOQ) is a 1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75-minutes of latitude by 3.75-minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator Projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQ is equivalent to a quarter-quad plus overedge. The overedge ranges a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The overedge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicking and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. The standard, archived digital orthophoto is formatted as four ASCII header records, followed by a series of 8-bit binary image data records. The radiometric image brightness values are stored as 256 gray levels ranging from 0 to 255. The metadata provided in the digital orthophoto contain a wide range of descriptive information including format source information, production instrumentation and dates, and data to assist with displaying and georeferencing the image. The standard distribution format of DOQs will be JPEG compressed images on CD by counties or special regions. The reconstituted image from the CD will exhibit some radiometric differences when compared to its uncompressed original but will retain the geometry of the uncompressed DOQ.N/AWMSEstimates of the tonnages and amounts of contained metal in undiscovered deposits, mineral deposit types.Site: Aqaba, Jordan, Marine Science Station Reef, cores C18 and C19 (29 26' N, 34 58' E) Water Depth 1m. collected 11/01/92 (upper 0-120cm), 11/01/93 (120-320cm) Coral species: Porites sp. In fall 1992 and spring 1993 we drilled an unusual big colony of Porites sp. at the fore-reef at Aqaba. The colony is situated in front of the reef edge of the fringing reef south of the Marine Science Station. The colony grows from a depth of ca 4.5 m, reaches a height of 3.5 m and a maximum diameter of approximately 5.5 m. We drilled with a hand held pneumatic drill powered by compressed air from a Scuba tank. We used a conventional 30cm diamond-tipped drill bit and in order to obtain longer cores we constructed extensions of 100cm each (3 in total). The extensions are made from a 17mm diameter steel rod with a screw thread attached either to the core barrel or another extension. Up to 320 cm long cores in 30cm lengths with 100% recovery were obtained. The core holes were filled with cement plugs after drilling to prevent bioerosion (see Hudson 1981; Winter et al. 1991) . The cores were drilled parallel to the growth axis (perpendicular to the coral surface). Five cores were extracted from the "big" Porites sp. at different sides of the colony. Three cores (19, 20, 21) are of 130 cm length, core 24 (lying SE-side of the colony at an angle of 45) reached 229 cm length, and core 18 (top of the colony) recovered coral skeleton to a total length of 312 cm. For oxygen and carbon isotope analysis core 18 (top of colony) and core 19 (horizontal core from the southern side) were selected. Samples for isotopic analyses were treated with 35% hydrogen peroxide for 24 hours to remove oxidizable organic material. In addition they were rinsed several times in demineralized water and dried in a stove at 40C. Small samples to determine the average isotope composition of each year were cut with a hand held saw. They were taken along the edge of the coral slabs. The top of LD-bands was chosen as the end (respectively beginn ing) of an annual band. In all our samples this boundary is sharp and can be determined relatively precisely. Each chip was gently powdered in an agate mortar. The samples were reacted with 100% H3PO4 at 75C in an online, automated carbonate reaction device (Kiel Device) connected to a Finnigan Mat 252 mass spectrometer. Isotopic ratios were corrected for 17-O contribution (Craig 1957) and are reported in permil relative to PDB. Average precision based on duplicate sample analysis and on multiple analysis of NBS 19 is 0.04 permil for d13C and 0.08 permil for d18O.This CD-ROM contains a digital version of the Geologic Map of the United States, originally published at a scale of 1:2,500,000 (King and Beikman, 1974b). It excludes Alaska and Hawaii. In addition to the graphical formats, the map key is included in ASCII text. A geographic information system (GIS) allows combining and overlaying of layers for analysis of spatial relations not readily apparent in the standard paper publication. This disc contains only geology. However, digital data on geology, geophysics, and geochemistry can be combined to create useful derivative products-- for example, see Phillips and others (1993). This CD-ROM contains a copy of the text and figures from Professional Paper 901 by King and Beikman (1974a). This text describes the historical background of the map, details of the compilation process, and limitations to interpretation. The digital version of the text can be searched for keywords or phrases.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Report describes an electronic database of annotated citations relevant to fish passage through dams. Document may be searched using the search form or downloaded as an Endnote, Microsoft Word, or WordPerfectpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationIdentification manual with colored photos of species of puddle ducks, diving ducks, geese, mergansers, swans, cranes, herons, egrets, pelicans and cormorants. Also includes information on ordering print copy and downloading as *.zip file.Chapter of Field Manual of Wildlife Diseases on algal toxins, red tide toxins, phycotoxins, dinoflagellates, cyanobacterium, and bird mortality due to algal toxicosis.LEOs Chinesisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Chinesisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Chinesischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesSearch the current edition of the CatalogThe USGS Governmental Unit Boundaries service from The National Map (TNM) represents major civil areas for the Nation, including States or Territories, counties (or equivalents), Federal and Native American areas, congressional districts, minor civil divisions, incorporated places (such as cities and towns), and unincorporated places. Boundaries data are useful for understanding the extent of jurisdictional or administrative areas for a wide range of applications, including mapping or managing resources, and responding to natural disasters. Boundaries data also include extents of forest, grassland, park, wilderness, wildlife, and other reserve areas useful for recreational activities, such as hiking and backpacking. Boundaries data are acquired from a variety of government sources. The data represents the source data with minimal editing or review by USGS. Please refer to the feature-level metadata for information on the data source. The National Map boundaries data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as elevation, hydrography, structures, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain boundaries data in either Esri File Geodatabase or Shapefile formats. For additional information on the boundaries data model, go to http://nationalmap.gov/boundaries.html.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderAn aerial photograph is a photograph of the earth's surface taken with a camera mounted in an airplane. The geographic extent of this scanned, georectified, and mosaiced 1.5-meter pixel resolution black and white digital aerial photograph is approximately the Idaho Department of Water Resources Adminstrative Basin 45. 24 tiles acquired as part of the 1962/1964 IDWR Administrative Basin 45 (Oakley area) Air Photo Project are included in this mosaic. The collection area includes most of nothwestern Cassia county, and small portions of Twin Falls, Minidoka, and Jerome counties. The 1:20,000-scale black and white aerial photography used in the production of this mosaiced image was flown in 1962 and 1964 by the Farm Service Administration.Description of datasets of AVHRR data available from the EROS Data Center in Sioux Falls, SD in three formats: High Resolution Picture Transmission (HRPT), Local Area Coverage (LAC), and Global Area Coverage (GAC).The Global Multi-Resolution Topography (GMRT) synthesis is a multi-resolution gridded compilation of edited multibeam sonar bathymetry data from the global and polar oceans, merged with terrestrial and lower resolution ocean data from GEBCO. Seafloor bathymetric data acquired with multibeam sonars are used for a wide range of fundamental research applications (e.g. on active seafloor geologic processes, bottom water circulation, biological habitats), as well as for more applied needs (e.g. marine resource management, tsunami inundation, submarine navigation). However these data have been acquired for only a small fraction of the oceans and typically require specialist knowledge to process. The GMRT is the only global-scale compilation of these data, providing access to grids and images to the full native resolution of the data, as well as attribution to the original data sources and is intended for broad use for research and education. The GMRT also serves the terrestrial community by providing easy access to images or grids from NASA s ASTER terrestrial elevation data (30-m resolution) for the globe and the USGS National Elevation Dataset (NED) (10-m resolution) for portions of the US. New source swath sonar data are obtained from NOAA s NGDC and other sources, and are evaluated, cleaned, edited, and then merged into the multi-resolution DEM. The GMRT synthesis is provided as a service of the IEDA:MGDS with funding from the U.S. National Science Foundation. Collaboration with Google has resulted in publication of the GMRT multibeam content in Google Earth. Further details on the architecture of the GMRT are available in Ryan et al. (2009) and from http://www.marine-geo.org/portals/gmrt/about.php.WMSThe spatial component of the FAF network (NTAD 2014) is derived from National Highway System Version 2009.11 and contains state primary and secondary roads, National Highway System (NHS), National Network (NN) and several intermodal connectors as appropriate for the freight network modeling. The network consists of over 447,808 miles of equivalent road mileage. The data set covers the 48 contiguous States plus the District of Columbia, Alaska, and Hawaii. The nominal scale of the data set is 1:100,000 with a maximal positional error of 80 meters.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Includes an indoor hydraulics laboratory available for rent. Links to meter calibrations, current meter performance, and modeling activities.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminants in plantsDataCite Metadata Search Search in DataCite Metadata CatalogueGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThis is a map service for the Coastal Flood Hazard Composite dataset. This dataset was created by combining hazard zones from the following datasets: FEMA V zones, FEMA A zones, FEMA shaded X zones, NOAA CSC Flood Frequency zones, NOAA CSC potential sea level rise inundation of 3 ft above current Mean Higher High Water (MHHW), and SLOSH MOMs for category 3 hurricanes. This dataset was created to support the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Coastal Services Center's pilot version of the Coastal Flood Exposure Mapper. The purpose of the online mapping tool is to provide coastal managers, planners, and stakeholders a preliminary look at exposures to coastal flooding hazards. The Mapper is a screening-level tool that uses nationally consistent data sets and analyses. Data and maps provided can be used at several scales to help communities initiate resilience planning efforts. Currently the extent of this dataset is limited to the footprint of the pilot version of the Coastal Flood Exposure Mapper, which includes 32 coastal counties in Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New York. The footprint of the tool will be expanded to cover U. S. coastal areas along the Gulf and Atlantic. This is a cached map service. Tiles have been cached down to Level ID 11 (1:18,055).Atlas recording spawning and nursery areas of fish in the Great Lakes and associated rivers listed by area and then by species. A 14-volume atlas in PDF format. Published in 1982 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 6 sites around Tinian in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 3 September - 1 October 2005 in the NOAA Oscar Elton Sette (OES0511) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summary of the most recent eruption of Lassen Peak, Cascades (1914-1917)This map layer portrays the spread, by year, of the Africanized honey bee (AHB) in the United States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The data indicate the year in which the AHB was first observed in a county. This map layer was previously distributed as Spread of Africanized Bees in the United States. This is a revised version of the December 2004 map layer.N/AThis data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during February 2012.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data are part of Roberts, Richard W., University of Washington, Department of Oceanography Special Report No. 70, Bottom Sediment Granulometric Data for the Continental Margins of the Bering, Chukchi, East Siberian, Laptev, and Beaufort Seas. The report was funded by Grant OCE76-20834, from the National Science Foundation, with additional support from the Office of Naval Research, the US Atomic Energy Commission, and the US Geological Survey. Data in the report represent granulometric analyses conducted by UW of over 4,300 sediment samples from approximately 1,500 stations collected during cruises of the Brown Bear, Thomas G. Thompson, Northwind, Staten Island, Burton Island, Surveyor, John N. Cobb, and Drifting Ice Station Alpha II. The full report accompanying the tabular data is available in .pdf form online (27.4 Mbytes).Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Information on arsenic in United States ground water largely as a result of minerals dissolving from weathered rocks and soils. Includes links to publications, data, maps, and links to other sites with information on arsenic.This MarineCadastre.gov map features data useful for assessing wind energy areas off the coast of North Carolina.WMSDescription of project studying hydrologic and chemical processes that affect the movement and fate of nitrogen within the shallow aquifers of the La Pine region of central Oregon.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderRadio-tracking indicates that walruses will exploit sparse ice to maintain access to preferred foraging areas over the continental shelf.The National Land Cover Database (NLCD) serves as the definitive Landsat-based, 30-meter resolution, land cover database for the Nation.The Ecosystems and Oceanography Division of the Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center, National Marine Fisheries Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), conducted a cruise, OES 04-03, in March 2004 near American Samoa on the R/V Oscar Elton Sette. Meridional transects were made along 170.5W and 169W between 10S and 17S. This finalized data set contains the profiles of temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, and chloropigments. The former three go to 1000 dbars and the latter variable to 200 dbars.Search ACA_MemberWMSDescribes research to assess the effectiveness of the current system and distribution of marine reserves and protected areas in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico for conserving reef ecosystems and resources.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Meteorological observations originating from moored buoys, light vessels or remote island systems produced hourly for weather forecasting and as part of the long term climatological record. Measurements include mean sea level pressure, air temperature, humidity, wind speed, wind direction, sea surface temperature (SST), wave period and wave height. On occasion there may be gaps within the dataset.N/AThis data set consists of one-foot pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.NOAA CLASS archive: Continuously Operating Reference Stations (CORS) - The National Geodetic Survey (NGS), an office of NOAA's National Ocean Service (NOS), coordinates a network of geodetic-quality CORS stations that provide Global Positioning System (GPS) carrier phase and code range measurements in support of 3-dimensional positioning activities throughout the United States and its territories. The positions of these CORS sites help define the National Spatial Reference System (NSRS). NGS defines and manages the NSRS - the framework for latitude, longitude, height, scale, gravity, orientation and shoreline throughout the U.S. The NSRS provides a consistent national coordinate system to support mapping, charting, navigation, boundary determination, property delineation, infrastructure development, resource evaluation surveys, and scientific applications. The CORS system enables positional accuracies that approach a few centimeters relative to the NSRS, both horizontally and vertically. While every effort is made to retain data in the original at-sampling rate, there may be cases where only the 30-second decimated rate data exists. Data availability (note latency from present day) for RINEX data is archive start date on 1994:112 and current date at 32-days before present; for raw GPS data (selected sites) is archive start date on 2004:193 and current date at 5 days before present.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationResearch and monitoring to provide the Nation with a clear understanding of natural hazards and their potential threats to society, and assists with developing smart, cost-effective strategies for achieving preparedness and resilience.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2009-09-07; Survey End: 2009-09-07; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pacific Bomb Radiocarbon Coral Data. Site: Santa Cruz Island, Galapagos (90 deg 30 min W, 0 deg 45 min S).(Version 4.1, updated September 13, 2013) Maritime limits for the United States are measured from the U.S. baseline, recognized as the low-water line along the coast as marked on NOAA's nautical charts in accordance with the articles of the Law of the Sea. The baseline and related maritime limits are reviewed and approved by the interagency U.S. Baseline Committee. The primary purpose of this dataset is to update the official depiction of these maritime limits and boundaries on NOAA's nautical charts. The Office of Coast Survey depicts on its nautical charts the territorial sea (12 nautical miles), contiguous zone (24nm), and exclusive economic zone (200nm, plus maritime boundaries with adjacent/opposite countries). U.S. maritime limits are ambulatory and subject to revision based on accretion or erosion of the charted low water line. For more information about U.S. Maritime Limits and Boundaries and to stay up-to-date, see: http://www.nauticalcharts.noaa.gov/csdl/mbound.htm. For the full FGDC metadata record, see: http:www.ncddc.noaa.gov/approved_recs/nos_de/ocs/ocs/MB_ParentDataset.html. Coordinates for the US/Canada international boundary, on land and through the Great Lakes, are managed by the International Boundary Commission. These boundaries are included with this dataset for continuity.An earthquake is the motion or trembling of the ground produced by sudden displacement of rock in the Earth's crust. Earthquakes result from crustal strain, volcanism, landslides, and collapse of caverns. Earthquakes can affect hundreds of thousands of square kilometers; cause damage to property measured in the tens of billions of dollars; result in loss of life and injury to hundreds of thousands of persons; and disrupt the social and economic functioning of the affected area. This set of slides provides an overview and summary of effects caused by 11 earthquakes in eight countries. The images show surface faulting, landslides, soil liquefaction, and structural damage.Stress accumulates in response to tectonic forces until it exceeds the strength of the rock. The rock then breaks along a preexisting or new fracture called a fault. The rupture extends outward in all directions along the fault plane from its point of origin (focus). The rupture travels in an irregular manner until the stress is relatively equalized. If the rupture disturbs the surface, it produces a visible fault. Earthquakes can affect hundreds of thousands of square kilometers; cause damage to property measured in the tens of billions of dollars; result in loss of life and injury to hundreds of thousands of persons; and disrupt the social and economic functioning of the affected area. Although earthquakes in the United States occur most frequently in states west of the Rocky Mountains, devastating earthquakes have also occurred in the Midwest and East. All 50 states have some degree of risk from earthquakes. Earthquakes can be measured in terms of either the amount of energy they release (magnitude) or the degree of ground shaking they cause at a particular locality (intensity). Magnitude is calculated from the record (wave amplitude) made by an earthquake on a calibrated seismograph. The magnitude scale is logarithmic. An increase of one in magnitude represents a tenfold increase in the recorded wave amplitude. However, the energy release associated with an increase of one in magnitude is not tenfold, but about thirty fold. For example, approximately 900 times more energy is released in an earthquake of magnitude 7 than in an earthquake of magnitude 5. Intensity is determined from observations of the earthquake's effect on people, structures, and the earth's surface at a given locality. When a fault ruptures, seismic waves propagate outward in all directions and ground shaking results. Generally the severity of ground shaking increases as magnitude increases and decreases as distance from the fault rupture increases. The severity of the ground shaking can be enhanced by certain soil and subsoil types. The intensity of the earthquake is affected by the severity of the ground shaking, the duration of the shaking, the response of structures in the affected area, etc. Hazards associated with earthquakes include ground shaking, surface faulting, earthquake-induced ground failures, tectonic uplift and subsidence, and tsunamis. Surface faulting, the offset of the earth's surface by differential movement across a fault, shears and tears structures built on the fault. Surface faulting is generally accompanied by horizontal or vertical distortion of the earth's surface that can distort or tilt structures constructed near the fault. Regional uplift and subsidence may accompany earthquakes caused by large displacements on shallow faults. Such changes can damage harbor facilities, canals, roads, railroads, and other structures. A tsunami is a water wave or a series of waves generated by an impulsive vertical displacement of the surface of the ocean or other body of water by an earthquake or other cause. These waves can extend the damaging effects of an earthquake event thousands of kilometers from the earthquake focus. Ground failures accompanying earthquakes include landslides, liquefaction, lateral spreads, differential settlements, and ground cracks. Earthquake shaking often dislodges rock and debris on steep slopes, triggering rock falls, avalanches, and landslides. These slides have been known to bury entire towns and may be the most damaging aspect of the earthquake event. Liquefaction occurs where ground water is near the surface in soils composed of sands and silts. The soil temporarily loses strength and behaves as a viscous liquid. Structures can settle or tip in the liquefied soil or be ripped apart as the ground spreads laterally or flows. Flow failures can move over kilometers at speeds of tens of kilometers per hour. They usually develop in loose, saturated sand on slopes greater than five percent. When subsurface sand layers lose strength because of liquefaction, lateral spreading can occur in overlying sediments allowing them to move down even the gentlest slopes. Soils may lose shear strength allowing heavy structures to settle or tip and lightweight, buried structures to rise buoyantly. Cracking may result from movement along faults, differential compaction of the soil, or slides. Strong ground shaking has compacted loose cohesionless materials and caused differential ground settlements ranging from 5 cm to more than a meter. Many of these earthquake effects are depicted in the slides included in this set.Direct measurement of an important indicator of interannual variability is extended, using geological proxy measures, farther back in time to well before modern measurements were made. This tells us about the history of climate variability.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.List of all Massachusetts and Rhode Island District water projects with links to those with homepages.A. URVCOMP.TXT Site: Urvina Bay, Galapagos Islands, 00 deg 24.52 min S, 91 deg 14.04 min W. Oxygen Isotopic time series averaged from 2 cores-UR-86 (Pavona clavus, 1607-1953) and UR-87 (Pavona gigantea, 1962-1981). This data was used to construct figure 8 in the original reference. Years with no value are years for which no coral sample was available for analysis. Both samples are expressed in units of parts per mil relative to the PDB standard. To construct a working composite of the two data sets, a correction must be made for the species-specific offset between P. Clavus and P. Gigantea. Based on our studies in Galapagos (e.g., Fig 6 in Dunbar, et al, 1994) and multiple sites in the eastern Pacific (Wellington and Dunbar, Coral Reefs, in press), P. Clavus produces aragonite about 0.40 parts per mil enriched in O-18 relative to P. Gigantea. This amount has been added to the UR-87 PDB values to produce Figure 8 in Dunbar, et al, 1994. B. URV87.DAT This data was used to construct Figure 5 in the annual reference, a sub-annual oxygen isotopic time-series spanning the period 1961-1982. The data are sub-annual del O-18 values, given in parts per mil relative to the PDB standard, from a colony of Pavona gigantea. The coral was drilled at roughly millimeter intervals; the first columns of file URV87.DAT give the distance of the top and bottom of the sample interval from the base of the colony. The column labeled Year is the inferred calendar period of growth for each interval.Does remote-sensing information, such as that from Landsat and similar Earth-observing satellites, provide economic benefits to society, and can this value be estimated?The NGDC Seafloor Sediment Geotechnical Properties Database contains test engineering properties data coded by students at NGDC from primarily U.S. Naval Oceanographic Office laboratory reports, but also from data reports generated by NOAA's Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory (AOML). These files consist of very few reports coded at NGDC into the historic "074" format which was then incorporated into the historic "073" digital format for physical properties of sediments. Coding was a test case, and full scale development of the data file was never undertaken.This program provides management-oriented research and delivers information needed to prevent, detect, control, and eradicate invasive species, and to restore impaired ecosystems.N/ADisplays news articles from the Wildlife Disease News Digest. Users can see wildlife disease headlines both locally and globally. The Map displays Wildlife Disease News Digest articles that have been posted within the last 45 days.Manual of taxonomic keys, location, and descriptive details of free-living and parasitic copepods in the Great Lakes. Viewing requires screen resolution of 1024 x 768 or above.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Satellite View of Hawaii map layer is a 200-meter-resolution simulated-natural-color image of Hawaii. Vegetation is generally green, with forests in darker green and grasslands or pasture in lighter green. Areas of volcanic rock and soil are represented by shades of brown. The image was produced by combining Landsat Thematic Mapper(TM) imagery from the Landsat 4 and Landsat 5 satellites.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Information on porphyry copper deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, a general classification based on geologic setting, mineralogy, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationSources and effects of contamination surrounding a single well in western ConnecticutSearch Stack Overflow: Q for professional and enthusiast programmersGateway to useful USGS websites for recreation in nature watching and exploring, boating, camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, biking, and hunting, with links to maps, real-time streamflow, geology, photos, and plant and animal information.WMSThis data consists of the complete set of the KootenaiCounty Assessor's Office parcel assessment maps. The individual maps are based on the Public Land Survey System,and cover 1/4 section , section or township areas, based on parcel density. This data consists of vector (lines), text,and parcel-id attribute-point data. The data is not intended to provide polygon topology.An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. For this dataset, the true color orthoimages were produced at One Foot GSD.A catalog of earth science data produced by the U.S. Geological Survey with documentation and links to the data files. Catalog is searchable by geographic location and publication series number. Includes links to information on metadata and its use.Search the Debian website.Land cover data set based on the Minnesota Land Cover Classification System (MLCCS) coding scheme. This data was produced using a combination of aerial photograph interpretation and field surveys. There is a minimum mapping unit of 1 acre for natural vegetation and 2 acres for artificial cover types.This data file is a representation of the municipal boundaries for Tompkins County, NY.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.nwi_rway_plus is National Wetlands Inventory data that has been converted to ArcGIS shapefile format. NWI maps depict wetland point, line, and area features with attributes adapted from "Classification of Wetlands and Deepwater Habitats of the United States." (FWS/OBS-79/31, December 1979). nwi_rway_plus covers quads that abut and are near the Riverway boundary, on the Minnesota side of the St. Croix River.Lac Courte Oreilles Ojibwa Community CollegeThe AMAPPS survey primarily focuses on beaked whale species, with the following objectives: 1) Develop a better understanding of beaked whale habitat use and site fidelity for abundance and monitoring of critical areas, 2) Quantify efficacy of passive acoustic monitoring for detection and abundance of these species, through controlled methodological tests and in comparison to a bottom-mounted recorders (MARU), 3) Determine the distribution and relative abundance of plankton and prey species, 4) When possible, collect identification photographs and biopsy samples.The National Ocean Service (NOS) maintains a long-term database containing a listing of active stations that are installed all over the United States and U.S. territories. Water Levels observations, coastal currents and other meteorological and oceanographic data are monitored from a network of over 200 permanent, continuously operating stations and from numerous stations operated for short-term and long-term projects. Stations are configured for a variety of observation periods, depending upon the location. For some stations, records date back to the late 1800s. Observed water level, ancillary and meteorological values are disseminated primarily at six minute increments. In addition, some stations provide real-time data for planning and emergency situations. The observed values are processed, stored and distributed over a wide variety of applications. The products are distributed on either hard copy, floppy disk, CD, or over the web and include the following: Active Station Lists , Tide Observation , Wind data , Air Temperature data , Water Temperature data , Barometric Pressure data , Conductivity data , Humidity data , Air Gap data , Currents data , Other Meteorological and or ancillary data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data contain shipboard temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, and chloropigments data collected in the Pacific Ocean in pelagic environments. Data are collected by an SBE system, and recorded and processed by the SEASOFT Win32 data acquisition and processing software.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSMobile Home Parks in Volusia County.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. County subdivisions are the primary divisions of counties and their equivalent entities for the reporting of Census Bureau data, and they include legally minor civil divisions (MCDs) and statistical census county divisions (CCDs), and unorganized territories. For the 2010 Census, the legal MCDs are the primary governmental and/or administrative divisions of counties in 29 States and Puerto Rico; Tennessee changed from having CCDs for Census 2000 to having MCDs for the 2010 Census. In MCD States where no MCD exists or is not defined, the Census Bureau creates statistical unorganized territories to complete coverage. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by county subdivisions. The boundaries of all 2010 Census legal MCDs are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). For the 2010 Census, CCDs or their equivalents are delineated in 21 States. The boundaries of all 2010 Census statistical CCDs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesEEZ boundary between the UK and the NetherlandsCelebrating the 100th anniversary of the visit of `Abdu'l-Bah to New York CityThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.DSpace for DigLib at CGV DSpace for DigLib at CGV DSpace repositoryData in this file were produced by Science Applications, Inc., prime contractor on the Bureau of Land Management/Outer Continental Shelf - Southern California Studies (BLM/OCS). Data consist of six data files (benthic sediment characteristics, benthic sediment hydrocarbons, intertidal sediment hydrocarbons, intertidal sediment trace metals, benthic sediment trace metals, and intertidal sediment characteristics). Data are derived from 801 grab and box core samples from the sea floor offshore Southern California. Original documentation have been scanned as images to a .PDF document. The data were received at NGDC via NODC on August 19, 1977. Some documentation has also been transcribed to an ASCII readme file. Additional data codes and documentation are in poor, extremely hard to read condition. There are known problems in these data files, including truncation of records past the 80th column in the first file (Benthic Sediment Characteristics). Other problems exist in device codes and analyses that were unable to be resolved by multiple exchanges with the contributors. Additional problems may exist, including deviations from the specified formats.A synthesis of the Mineral Resources Program's past and future research directions in the western U.S. on metal contamination due to mineral deposits and mining and the environmental effects on living organisms. Chapters 1, 4, and 6 as PDF files.postdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemThis data shows the approximate locations of boat accesses in the state. This is not a comprehensive list but one that was generated through a cooperative effort. Most, if not all of the state managed access sites are included as well as some known free water access sites (non-DNR managed). XThis National Museum of Wales (NMW) sampling survey took place in July 2004 in the Outer Bristol Channel aboard the RV Noctiluca. This survey was undertaken for the Outer Bristol Channel Marine Habitat Study (OBCMHS) as part of a series of five surveys. The OBCMHS was principally funded by the Aggregate Levy Sustainability Fund, MALSF, (administered in Wales by the Welsh Assembly Government), the Sustainable Land Won and Marine Dredged Aggregate Minerals Programme of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM), administered by Mineral Industry Research Organisation (MIRO), with contributions from others. Seabed samples were collected using a Van Veen Grab. These data are archived with the MEDIN Data Archive Centres (DAC), including the BGS DAC for geology and the DASSH DAC for biological data. For further information on the surveys and general information on the OBCMHS see the final report (Mackie et al, 2006. BIOMOR Reports 4:ISBN 0-7200-0569-8).WMSProcess and plan to be used to provide reliable evaluations of the potential effects of groundwater production and help guide sustainable management of the resource.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on wetland ecosystemsThe National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during February 2011.Search for ARKive species and contentHome page for Eastern Mineral Resources Team conducting research on the occurrence, quality, quantity, and availability of mineral resources. Links to products, descriptions of research projects, and staff.Search the Smithsonian/NASA ADSautoplot.org (English)This data series contains 13 2003 6-inch natural color digital orthoimage tiles. The data cover the City of Moscow, Idaho. Access is restricted to those affiliated with the University of Idaho. See this License Agreement for more information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Females 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (5f1be768-b248-4e7f-abce-798d765ace78)Library Catalog SearchThe UNDP GEF Small Grants Programme (SGP) and Partnerships in Environmental Management for the Seas of East Asia (PEMSEA) believe in the inherent and important role of community-based organizations (CBOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and people's organizations (POs) in sustainable development.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains how the NHD specifies point locations within streams by using a code to indicate the reach (including the hydrologic unit) and a measure, which indicates how far the point is from the downstream end of the reach.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.USGS Contract No. 07CRCN0002 USGS Task Order No. 07002C0021. This delivery contains point cloud data in LAS 1.1 format, classified in the following manner. Class 0: Never Classified, Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, Class 7: Low/High Point (Noise), Class 10: First and Only Return (not classified as ground), Class 12: Overlap, Class 14: First of Many Returns , Class 15: Second of Many Returns, Class 16: Third of Many Returns, and Class 17: Last of Many Returns (not classified as ground). The following are the collection parameters and equipment used to create these data sets. Aircrafts: Cessna 320 (N3443Q) and Piper Navajo (N6GR) Lidar System: Optech ALTM Gemini (03SEN145) Approximate Collection Altitude (Above Mean Terrain): 1800 meters Ground Speed: 180 kts Pulse Rate Frequency: 70 kHz Mirror Scan Frequency: 40 Hz Scan Angle (+/-): 16 degrees Beam Divergence: Narrow (0.25 mrad) Accuracy statements are based on areas of moderate terrain, with points classified as ground. Diminished accuracies are to be expected in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. Be aware the the Western Kenai Lowlands and Eastern Kenai Watershed have different accuracies and point spacings. Read this metadata record throughly to determine what the accuracies and point spacing are for your area of interest.BioAssay Ontology (en)Over 990,000 photos taken from 1959 through 1980 are available for use in studying land surface change. Especially useful because these were taken before Landsat was launched.This service is compliant with Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards and the data within is compatible with GeoSciML portrayal view for geoscience data. The source of the data in this service is the Hawaii Geological Survey. This web map service contains all the geologic map information used to publish U.S. Geological Survey Open-File Report 2007-1089 (Sherrod and others, 2007). The geologic map shows the distribution and stratigraphic relation of volcanic, intrusive, and sedimentary units emplaced in the past 8 million years across the eight principal islands of the Hawaiian archipelago, State of Hawaii, U.S.A. One layer is included in this service. GeologicUnitView is a compilation dataset containing geologic units covering the state of Hawaii at a scale of 1:250,000. See metadata record http://repository.stategeothermaldata.org/repository/resource/66bb6bbde013946035700d274f187fb5/ for more information on the dataset.A scientific study has determined that survey methods designed for spotted owls do not always detect barred owls that are actually present in spotted owl habitat.WMSCurrent and other data were collected from moored buoys from the A. A. CUNNINGHAM and other platforms in coastal waters of California from 19 April 1989 to 17 July 1990. Data were collected by the University of Washington as part of the Southern California Bight Experiment. Parameters include current speed, current direction, u component of velocity, v component of velocity, and temperature. Some instruments also include conductivity as indicated by a C in the variable(Variable) column. S indicates speed, rather than the usual u and v; this results from bad compass data.Search Ensembl genome browser - Dolphin - Tursiops truncatusThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Brief description of vertebrates and use of their fossil bones and footprints to aid in dating strata in biostratigraphy and to decipher past climates and recreate ancient ecosystems in paleoecology, paleoclimatology and paleobiogeography.This marine geophysical survey was carried out by George Wimpey & Co for British Geological Survey (BGS), the survey took place from June to August 1968 in the north east Irish Sea on board the M.V. Moray Firth IV. This survey was carried out for a project in conjunction with sampling survey 1968/MF/1. The purpose was to collect data for investigation of the British Continental Shelf. Sea floor data were collected using Echo sounder; sidescan sonar and Transit sonar. Subsurface data were gathered using Pinger; Sparker and Magnetometer. These data are archived by BGS Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS report WB/MC/69/1. See also IGS report 71/19.Watches Warnings and AdvisoriesThe once-a-decade decennial census was conducted in April 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. This count of every resident in the United States was mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution and all households in the U.S. and individuals living in group quarters were required by law to respond to the 2010 Census questionnaire. The data collected by the decennial census determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities. The questionnaire consisted of a limited number of questions but allowed for the collection of information on the number of people in the household and their relationship to the householder, an individual's age, sex, race and Hispanic ethnicity, the number of housing units and whether those units are owner- or renter-occupied, or vacant. The first wave of results for sub-state geographic areas in New Mexico was released on March 15, 2011, through the Redistricting Data (PL94-171) Summary File. This batch of data covers the state, counties, places (both incorporated and unincorporated communities), tribal lands, school districts, neighborhoods (census tracts and block groups), individual census blocks, and other areas. The Redistricting products provide counts by race and Hispanic ethnicity for the total population and the population 18 years and over, and housing unit counts by occupancy status. The 2010 Census Redistricting Data Summary File can be used to redraw federal, state and local legislative districts under Public Law 94-171. This is an important purpose of the file and, indeed, state officials use the Redistricting Data to realign congressional and state legislative districts in their states, taking into account population shifts since the 2000 Census. More detailed population and housing characteristics will be released in the summer of 2011. The data in these particular RGIS Clearinghouse tables are for all Block Groups in Lea County. There are two data tables. One provides total counts by major race groups and by Hispanic ethnicity, while the other provides proportions of the total population for these same groups. These files, along with file-specific descriptions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesReport of research on the Carolina slate belt and gold deposits in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia with geologic mapping, mineralogic, geochemical, and fluid evolution studies, radiogenic dating, and stable isotope studies.The Sussex IFCA in collaboration with Chichester Harbour Conservancy (CHC) undertake biannual small fish surveys at five sites within Chichester Harbour during spring and autumn each year, the first survey being in spring 2010. The IFCA standard operating procedure for surveying small fish is used (a copy of this document is held by the IFCA) and the methodology conforms with the Water Framework Directive (Directive 2000/60/EC) and the Centre for Environment and Fisheries and Aquaculture (Cefas) advice for surveying juvenile Bass. Two survey methods are used; a beach seine and a 1.5m or a 2m beam trawl. All fish caught are identified to species level. The first 50 of each fish species are measured (total length from snout to tip of tail) with the remainder being counted. In addition fork length is measured for bass, and for all bass greater than 21cm a scale sample is taken for age determination. The surveys are always conducted at slack water and at similar tidal heights. Additional information recorded includes; Water analysis (temperature, salinity, specific conductivity, dissolved oxygen (percentage and mg/L), pH and Redox value), tidal state, tidal height, persons present, fish identifier and meteorological information. The data is currently stored in excel spreadsheets. The objective of monitoring small fish is to develop a time series of relative abundance in the near shore habitats (areas which are commonly utilised by juvenile fish as nursery grounds). The information collected has many applications e.g. to monitor abundance over time, to investigate responses to specific events or to investigate the growth rate of a species.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This web feature service provides access to all of the vector data stored in GeoStor for the State of Arkansas.Information on coal on federally owned public lands with links to database and maps for federal coal ownership of the United States, Rocky Mountains and Great Plains, and Colorado Plateau.Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.Quantifies the landscape changes and consequences of natural gas extraction by digitizing indications of disturbance on NAIP aerial photographs and using these with the NLCD to show land use-land cover change.csdms (en)The Thanet Coast was nominated as a candidate Special Area of Conservation (cSAC) to the European Commission in 1996 in recognition of the importance of the chalk exposures and the communities they support. Under the terms of the Habitats Directive (Council of European Communities 1992) the UK is required to report at intervals on the condition of its marine Special Areas of Conservation (SAC). This survey was designed to repeat previous work carried out by the Natural History Museum (NHM) in order to provide information on the condition of the SAC. Data for the survey was gathered using divers moving along a transect line making video recordings fo the biotopes. The dataset includes GIS biotope polygon data of the Thanet coast and a comparrison with previous data found in 1997 and 2004 by the NHM.WMSExtension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.WMSNortek 600kHz Aquadopp acoustic current profilers were deployed between March 2010 and April 2011 on shallow water moorings located in Vieques Sound, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Passage USVI. The recovered current velocity, bottom pressure, and bottom temperature time-series data are presented here in an ACII format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search NITRC for neuroimaging tools and resources.LEOs Englisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Englisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Englischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.The UNDP GEF Small Grants Programme (SGP) and Partnerships in Environmental Management for the Seas of East Asia (PEMSEA) believe in the inherent and important role of community-based organizations (CBOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and people's organizations (POs) in sustainable development.The data in Ni_Cr_PGE shapefile was obtained by compiling records of sites containing nickel, chromium, or one of the platinum group elements from published databases and one in-house database. A basic set of data: name, latitude, longitude, commodities, record type, and reference were added to a database.The Narrow Field of View Zenith Radiometer (NFOV) is a ground-based radiometer that looks straight up. As implied by the name, the field of view of the instrument is narrow, thus permitting the measurement of the downwelling zenith radiance. The output of the instrument consists of a time series of 1-sec observations of the zenith spectral radiance. The radiance is measured at a wavelength of 869 nm. Data from the instrument has many uses; for example, the internal structure of clouds may be characterized b y examining a time series of the radiance data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Mileposts for BNSF railways in North Dakota. BNSF has given the State permission to publicly post this data.This dataset contains gridded daily surface reflectance and brightness temperatures derived from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) sensors onboard seven NOAA polar orbiting satellites: NOAA-7, -9, -11, -14, -16, -17, and -18. Surface reflectance from AVHRR channels 1 and 2 (at 640 and 860 nm) are a NOAA Climate Data Record (CDR). The dataset spans from 1981 to 10 days from the present, and is processed from the AVHRR Global Area Coverage (GAC) Level 1b dataset. AVHRR GAC observations are packaged into data arrays with latitude and longitude dimensions of 3600 x 7200 covering the globe at 0.05 degree spatial resolution. The Version 4 Land Surface CDR products were produced by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) and the University of Maryland. Changes for version 4 from version 3 include 1) added data from NOAA-16 and NOAA-17 extending the time period, 2) improved geolocation accuracy from use of OLE instead of TLE, 3) center of the grid is used as the reference, and 4) data value of a grid cell is computed as an average of available good observations. This CDR is used as an input to other Land Surface CDR products including the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), Leaf Area Index (LAI) and the Fraction of Absorbed Photosynthetically Active Radiation (FAPAR). The product was converted from HDF to netCDF-4 with CF metadata, and is accompanied by algorithm documentation, data flow diagram and source code for the NOAA CDR Program.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesLinks to online data retrieval, information on MTBE and gasoline oxygenates, VOCs analysis, VOC publications, news features, and featured online publications.Describes and provides links to USGS research in the location of the estuary and coast of Long Island, New York, to map the sea floor and to study sediment transport, contaminants, and sand resources and coastal vulnerability.The USGS Shaded Relief Large service from The National Map (TNM) was created from the National Elevation Dataset (NED), a seamless dataset of best available raster elevation data for the conterminous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, and Territorial Islands of the US. Derived from the NED using a hill shade technique, this base map represents a continental view showing shaded relief from USGS NED layers at resolutions of 1/3-, 1-, and 2-arc-second (in Alaska only). This hillshade is actually five separate shaded relief datasets created from the original terrain data. Each shaded relief has different azimuths and altitude values as follows: 0 45, 135 60, 270 45, 315 45, 45 45. These five datasets are then combined into one feature class using map algebra to compute the raster layers using the following equation (shadedrelief1 + shadedrelief2 + shadedrelief3 + (shadedrelief4 x 2) + shaded relief5 / 6). This equation gives double importance to the 315 degrees azimuth and 45 degrees altitude. Color characteristics are the result of applying a color ramp in which RGB values range from near-white (RGB: 255, 255, 252) to brown (RGB: 156, 142, 107). The color ramp was applied with a stretch type of 4.3 standard deviations, since the scale of brightness values range from 130 to 1240. Contrast (24 percent) and brightness (3 percent) enhancements were applied for cartographic purposes. For additional information on the NED, go to ned.usgs.govThe Institute of Biological Engineering (IBE) was established to encourage inquiry and interest in biological engineering in the broadest and most liberal manner and promote the professional development of its members.This data set contains data on particulate organic nitrogen concentration and particulate organic carbon concentration as well as stable isotope ratios for carbon and nitrogen determined in melted sea ice samples collected during the Bering Sea Ecosystem Study (BEST) 2008 (HLY0801, HLY0802), 2009 (HLY0901, HLY0902) and 2010 (PESA10-01) field studies. These data were collected aboard the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Healy (HLY) and by PESA.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Describes the content metadata standard used by the Marine Realms Information Bank, a distributed geolibrary that catalogues and provides access to information about marine, coastal, and lake environments.Environmental variables that are ecologically relevant and easily measured over large areas are useful for modelling species distributions and habitats. Continuous acoustic, sonar-backscatter data convey information about physical properties of the seabed, and hence could be a valuable addition to that suite of variables. The potential utility of acoustic backscatter was tested for improving habitat models of marine species using data from a pilot sidescan-sonar survey conducted from 28 June to 3 July 2002 in the Bristol Bay region of the eastern Bering Sea (EBS). Raw digital backscatter data were processed with QTC SIDEVIEW and CLAMS software to objectively segment bedform based on statistical analysis of the echograms. Resultant acoustic variables - Q-values (Q1, Q2, and Q3)-, representing the first three principal components of the data derived from image analysis of backscatter echoes, and a complexity metric (compx) measuring the variance of Q-values in a geographic area - were used in multiple linear regression to model individual species abundance from bottom-trawl survey data.Search -gcube-wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This layer represents the office location for Commercial Manure Services (CMS). They transport, handle, store or apply manure for a fee. The company must be licensed annually, and the people who are applicators must be certified annually. This layer does NOT include confinement site manure applicators, who are essentially private applicators, applying manure from their own confinement feeding operations that have more than 500 animal units, and not charging a fee.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis geophysical and multibeam survey took place in March/April 2006 in the Bristol Channel on board the MV Confidante. It was carried out by Gardline under contract to British Geological Survey (BGS) and Geotek Ltd. It was co-funded by UK Department of Trade and Industry for their Strategic Environmental Assessment Programme and NERC/BGS for their marine mapping programme. The objective was to collect data for investigations of sediment mobility and for monitoring sea bed morphology and sea bed sediment texture. Seafloor bathymetry data were collected using an EM3000 multibeam system and Edgetech 4200FS sidescan sonar. Sub-bottom seismic profiling data were collected using a surface tow boomer. These data were recorded digitally and are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in Gardline Report 6749, the BGS cruise report and preliminary geological interpretation are contained in BGS Report CR/06/085.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSW3C Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data represent an inventory of the national impacts of wind turbine interference with NEXRAD radar stations. This inventory was developed by the NOAA Radar Operations Center (ROC) to establish variable zones that delineate the possible impacts that wind turbines may have on radar operations. The inventory scheme includes four zones that take in to account terrain, distance, and the number of elevation angles impacted. ROC requests various degrees of consultation with the developer depending on the zone. No Build - No wind turbines permitted. Mitigation Zone - Significant impacts likely. Consultation Zone - Significant impacts possible. Notification Zone - Impacts not likely.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Maryland s leading source of aggregated and original news and opinion on government, politics, business and more. Called one of the nation s best state-based political blogs by the Washington Post.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a map service for a story map on the ocean economy and total economy. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information.WMSThis data set contains values for a traffic exposure indicator designated by the State Environmental Health Indicators Collaborative, Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists. This indicator is derived from 2004 CA Department of Transportation traffic data and 2000 U.S. Census data. This indicator identifies the amount of population living near busy roads by county in California.Monthly Summaries of Global Historical Climatology Network (GHCN)-Daily is a dataset derived from GHCN-Daily. The data are produced by computing simple averages or monthly accumulations of the daily observations. The meteorological elements calculated for the data set include, but are not limited to: monthly maximum and minimum temperature, monthly precipitation (i.e., rainfall and snow water equivalent), snowfall and snow depth. Users of these monthly summaries have access to simple meteorological summaries for tens of thousands of stations worldwide.WMSPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThis data set contains lidar point data (latitude/longitude) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Long Beach to the US/Mexico border. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 Observer (tail number N6602L) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 4 and 8 April 2005; Julian Days 09405 and 09805 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 900-1100m AGL, and ground speed: 100-125kts. Three GPS base stations (Seal Beach, Dana Point, and Point Loma, see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates) operated during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.Deck41 is a digital summary of surficial sediment composition for 36,401 seafloor samples worldwide. Data include collecting source, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, dominant lithology, secondary lithology, and a brief description of the surficial sediment at the location. Descriptions were abstracted largely from unpublished laboratory reports and core log sheets contributed to the National Oceanographic Data Center prior to 1975. Descriptions were assigned by Ms. Susie Bershad,and Dr. Martin Weiss of the Marine Geology and Geophysics Branch of NODC, which was transferred to the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in 1976, at which time compilation ceased. Data are free for online search and download.A first surface/bare earth elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of the George Washington Birthplace National Monument in Virginia was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Park Service (NPS), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed-laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high-frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of 15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be easily surveyed within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide resource managers with a useful tool regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .Facilities that store hazardous chemicals above certain quantities must submit an annual emergency and hazardous chemical inventory on a Tier II form. This is a requirement of Section 311/312 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 (EPCRA).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSPlanning of the airborne survey and the flight lines that were flown, includes digital files of the nadir tracks of the flight lines.The 1-second San Francisco Bay, California Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 1-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingThis dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 4x4 meter cell size representing the rugosity of the steep slopes and canyons of the Northeast Grand Reserve off the coast of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. The M-I907-NF-12 survey was split into two sites: W00221 in the west and W00222 in the east. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the Northeast Grand Reserve from 4/08/2012 to 4/20/2012. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Reson 7125 (400 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Hypack 2012 acquisition software. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Rugosity was derived from this surface using NOAA's Benthic Terrain Modeler extension.The Prince William Sound magnitude 8.4 earthquake at 03:36 UT on March 28, 1964, was one of the largest shocks ever recorded on the North American Continent. The quake was felt over 500,000 square miles. The quake took 131 lives and caused $350-500 million in property damage (One hundred twenty-two of the deaths were attributed to the tsunami.) The area of the damage zone (50,000 square miles) and the duration of the quake (3 to 4 minutes) were extraordinary. This set of slides shows geologic changes, damage to structures, transportation systems, and utilities and tsunami damage. It features the effects of four major landslides in Anchorage during the 1964 event. Certainly the quake would have claimed many more lives had the population not been sparse, the weather clement, and had the quake not occurred during the off-season for fishing and on the evening of a holiday when the schools were empty and most offices deserted.Geologic Changes - The quake was accompanied by vertical displacement of earth over a 100,000 square mile region. The maximum uplift recorded was 33 feet (10 m) on land, and as much as 50 feet (15 m) on the sea floor. Subsidence exceeded 7 feet (2 m). The uplift destroyed or greatly impaired the usefulness of many harbors. The habitats of many animals, trees and other vegetation were destroyed or damaged by subsidence. Low-lying settlements and many miles of railroad and highway were dropped below the level of high tide so that they were periodically flooded and attacked by storm waves. Crustal deformation associated with this earthquake was the most extensive ever recorded and extended far beyond the epicentral area. Faulting of bedrock at the earth's surface during the earthquake was found only in the area of maximum tectonic uplift on southwest Montague Island in Prince William Sound and on the sea floor southwest of Montague Island. No faulting at the surface was found in the zone between the areas that were tectonically uplifted and downdropped. Grabens (elongated down-dropped blocks between faults) formed in many places. The strong ground motion induced many snowslides, rockfalls, and subaerial and subaqueous landslides. Large subaerial slides in Anchorage and subaqueous slides at Valdez and Seward damaged streets, buildings, utilities, and shore side structures. Numerous slope and embankment failures harmed railways, highways, and particularly bridges. Rock avalanches and snow avalanches, subsidence, and consolidation occurred; and cracks, fissures, and sand spouts developed in many places. Soil liquefaction played a major roll in the development of most landslides.Damage To Structures, Transportation, and Utilities - Anchorage, Cordova, Homer, Kodiak, Seldovia, Seward, and Valdez were damaged severely by uplift or subsidence, shaking, landslides, tsunamis, and fires. In Anchorage damaging landslides occurred in Turnagain, Fourth Avenue, "L" Street, and Government Hill areas. Structural damage was largely the result of landslides. Seismic vibration caused severe structural damage in Anchorage, Valdez, and the large delta of the Coper River. Damage from seismic vibration was most common in buildings and structures constructed of heavy materials and tended to be most severe in tall buildings. Notable among the partly or completely collapsed buildings in Anchorage were the Four Seasons apartment building, the Government Hill School, and the J.C. Penney building. However, many of the heavy structures in these areas sustained minimal seismic damage. Generally well-built wood-frame buildings of seismic resistant design sustained very little damage from vibration generated by the earthquake. Valdez was severely damaged by a large submarine landslide and the resulting waves that destroyed the waterfront facilities. The ground beneath the town was deformed damaging the foundations of structures. The town was moved to a new site at a cost of $37,500,000.Damage to surface transportation facilities was extensive. Landslides, embankment failures, subsidence of ground, tsunami action, and soil movements that distorted or destroyed bridges were the main causes of damage. The Alaska Railroad lost its port facility at Whittier, its docks at Seward, and numerous bridges on the Kenai Peninsula. Reconstruction of the railroad facilities was completed in two and one half years at a cost of $22 million. Many highway bridges, especially on the Seward and Copper River highways, were damaged. Many port and harbor facilities, especially at Seward, Valdez, Kodiak, Whittier, Cordova, and Homer, were destroyed. The major damage to utilities occurred in Anchorage where the earth slides set in motion by the earthquake caused extensive damage to all utility systems. Oil storage tanks at Valdez, Seward, and Whittier ruptured and burned.Tsunamis - The submarine landslides resulting from the earthquake created local sea waves or tsunamis, which, together with the major tsunami generated by the crustal deformation, smashed port and harbor facilities, disturbed and killed salmon fry, leveled forests, and caused the saltwater invasion of many coastal freshwater lakes. In addition to the local tsunamis the earthquake generated a major tsunami that was recorded throughout the Pacific Basin and lapped against Antarctica. The major tsunami caused extensive damage outside Alaska in Port Alberni British Columbia and took 16 lives in Oregon and California. Of the one hundred twenty-two deaths resulting from the tsunamis, at least 71 deaths were blamed on the local slump-generated tsunamis in Alaska. The quake also generated seiches in rivers, harbors, channels, lakes, and swimming pools as distant as the United States Gulf Coast States. Total tsunami damage amounted to about $84 million in Alaska.This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in 2005. XYZ values are derived from a 2m resolution gridding process.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 6 towboard surveys (12.4723 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands from 1 September - 4 October 2006 as part of RAMP Cruise HI0611. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.This shapefile shows the location of vegetation sampling plots used for vegetation classification and mapping at George Washington Birthplace National Monument.Armorhead (Pseudopentaceros wheeleri) larvae and juveniles were collected in the vicinity of the Northwest and Southeast Hancock Seamounts During 1984 and 1985. Plankton was sampled using a 1 m2 , three-net Tucker trawl, with oblique tows from 0-200 m during all cruises, and neuston samples (0-1 m) in February. In January 1988, seven oblique tows from 0-50 or 0-100 m were taken with a 60-cm, non-closing bongo net, and ten neuston tows at 0-1 m were taken with a 0.49-m2 Manta (neuston) net. All nets had 0.333-mm mesh. Pseudopentaceros larvae and juveniles were removed from the samples at sea and placed in 70% ethanol. Specimens of large juvenile and adult Pseudopentaceros were examined to obtain information on development at greater sizes and, with specimens of additional species, to confirm identifications. Measurements to the nearest 0.01 mm were taken approximately 7 yrs after collection with an ocular micrometer in a dissection microscope, and counts of fin elements and head spines were made using the same microscope, all by Bruce C. Mundy.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.1966 high water line (HWL) shoreline survey of the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Data were digitized from NOS U.S. Coast and Geodectic T-Sheets by Louisiana State University. These shorelines represent reliable positions for use in analyzing rates of change and documenting the location of the shoreline. In general the shoreline positions provide an accurate location to +/- 10 meters root mean square. The T-Sheet data was gathered using survey techniques of the time. Map scales of base data are 1:10,000.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 5 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationComparison of water in two adjacent watersheds before and after implementing a brush management strategy in one of the watersheds helps us see what water resource characteristics are sensitive to brush management and how.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The original topographic maps containing the drawn delta border were scanned from the Department of Water Resources. Images were registered to 1:24,000 USGS DRG's in ArcView (ESRI) utilizing imagewarp extension. The Delta boundary was digitized from the registered images. Accuracy within acceptable 7.5 Minute USGS map accuracy standards (1:24000 scale). Delta boundary version 2002.4. The original legal boundary maps obtained from the Delta Protection Commission were compiled by DWR Land & Right of Way sometime in the early 1980's. They were based from the legal description in section 12220 of the Water Code, with ambiguities in the Code addressed by the individuals involved in the mapping project at that time. One revision was made to the original maps in the vicinity of Point Pleasant, and is the only difference between this and the 4.2001 version of the legal Delta boundary Arc/INFO coverage.Homepage for information on geology of the North Cascades National Park in the state of Washington. Includes links to geologic story, geologic field trips, geologic maps, plate tectonics, rocks and minerals, geologic time, and glossary.Mineral facilities and operations outside the United States compiled by the National Minerals Information Center of the USGS.This data set contains point locations of active volcanoes as compiled by Motyka et al., 1993. Eighty-nine volcanoes with eruptive phases in the Quaternary are mapped as points centered in the active caldera or volcano summit. Volcanoes with a number of satellite vents and/or cones distributed around the main caldera or summit are given a unique identifier so it is clear that geothermal activity is likely to be found away from the point on the map. Different volcanic morphologies (Strato, Composite, Sheild) and eruptive histories are not noted in the digital data set, though this information was originally included in the Motyka et al. publication.This data set comprises a portion of the Environmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) data for Aleutians East Borough and Aleutians West Coastal Resource Service Area (CRSA). These data identify the marine and coastal environments and wildlife. The ESI data include information for three main components: shoreline habitats, sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources.This part of DS 781 presents data for the geologic and geomorphic map of the Offshore of Salt Point map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Geology_OffshoreSaltPoint.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreSaltPoint/data_catalog_OffshoreSaltPoint.html. The morphology and the geology of the Offshore of Salt Point map area result from the interplay between local sea-level rise, sedimentary processes, oceanography, and tectonics. The offshore part of the map area extends from the shoreline to water depths of about 90 to 100 m on the mid-continental shelf; the shelfbreak occurs about 20 km farther offshore at water depths of about 200 m. The nearshore and inner shelf (to water depths of about 50 to 60 m) typically dips seaward about 1.0 to 1.5 degrees; the mid to outer shelf dips more gently, generally less than 0.5 degrees. Sea level has risen about 125 to 130 m over about the last 21,000 years (for example, Lambeck and Chappell, 2001; Peltier and Fairbanks, 2005), leading to broadening of the continental shelf, progressive eastward migration of the shoreline and wave-cut platform, and associated transgressive erosion and deposition. Land-derived sediment was carried into this dynamic setting, then subjected to full Pacific Ocean wave energy and strong currents before deposition or offshore transport. Tectonic influences impacting shelf morphology and geology are related to local faulting, folding, uplift, and subsidence (see below). Bedrock of the Eocene and Paleocene German Rancho Formation (unit Tgr) underlies much of the inner shelf, extending to water depths of as much as 60 m. Although onshore coastal outcrops of this unit are well bedded, seafloor outcrops imaged on high-resolution bathymetry have a hackly surface texture and abundant fractures. Embayments in the outer margin of the seafloor bedrock outcrops are commonly paired with the mouths of coastal watersheds and are inferred to have formed by fluvial erosion during the last sealevel lowstand. One of the more prominent embayments occurs about one kilometer north of Salt Point at the mouth of Miller Creek (fig. 1-2). These coastal watersheds are relatively small and steep, extending to a drainage divide just 2 to 3 km east of the shoreline, and are inferred sources of coarse-grained sediments. Immediately east of this onshore topographic divide, drainage along this part of the coast is captured by the northwest-flowing South Fork of the Gualala River (fig. 1-2), which runs parallel to the coast along the trace of the San Andreas fault. Given relatively shallow water depths (0 to about 50 m) and exposure to high wave energy, modern nearshore to mid-shelf sediments are mostly sand (unit Qms) and a mix of sand, gravel, and cobbles (units Qmsc and Qmsd). The more coarse-grained sands and gravels (units Qmsc and Qmsd) are primarily recognized on the basis of bathymetry and high backscatter. Both Qmsc and Qmsd typically have abrupt landward contacts with bedrock (unit Tgr) and form irregular to lenticular exposures that are commonly elongate in the shore-normal direction. Contacts between units Qmsc and Qms are typically gradational. Unit Qmsd forms erosional lags in scoured depressions that are bounded by relatively sharp and less commonly diffuse contacts with unit Qms horizontal sand sheets. These depressions are typically a few tens of centimeters deep and range in size from a few 10's of sq m to more than one sq km. Similar unit Qmsd scour depressions are common along this stretch of the California coast (see, for example, Cacchione and others, 1984; Hallenbeck and others, 2012) where surficial offshore sandy sediment is relatively thin (thus unable to fill the depressions) due to both lack of sediment supply and to erosion and transport of sediment during large northwest winter swells. Such features have been referred to as "rippled-scour depressions" (see, for example, Cacchione and others, 1984) or "sorted bedforms" (see, for example, Goff and others, 2005; Trembanis and Hume, 2011). Although the general areas in which both unit Qmsd scour depressions and surrounding mobile sand sheets occur are not likely to change substantially, the boundaries of the individual Qmsd depressions are likely ephemeral, changing seasonally and during significant storm events. The offshore decrease in slope at mid-shelf water depths (about 60 m) approximately coincides with a transition to more fine-grained marine sediments (unit Qmsf), which extends to the outer (3-nautical-mile) limit of California's State Waters. Unit Qmsf consists primarily of mud and muddy sand and is commonly extensively bioturbated. These fine-grained sediments are inferred to have been derived from from the Russian River, which has its mouth about 15 km south of the map area. Both Drake and Cacchione (1985) and Sherwood and others (1994) have documented seasonal, mid-shelf, northwest-directed, bottom currens capable of transporting fine-grained, suspended sediment from the Russian River to the Offshore of Salt Point map area. Map unit polygons were digitized over underlying 2-meter base layers developed from multibeam bathymetry and backscatter data (see Bathymetry--Offshore Salt Point, California and Backscattter--Offshore Salt Point, California, DS 781, for more information). The bathymetry and backscatter data were collected between 2006 and 2010. References Cited Cacchione, D.A., Drake, D.E., Grant, W.D., and Tate, G.B., 1984, Rippled scour depressions of the inner continental shelf off central California: Journal of Sedimentary Petrology, v. 54, p. 1,280-1,291. Drake, D.E., and Cacchione, D.A., 1985, Seasonal variation in sediment transport on the Russian River shelf, California: Continental Shelf Research, v. 14, p. 495-514. Goff, J.A., Mayer, L.A., Traykovski, P., Buynevich, I., Wilkens, R., Raymond, R., Glang, G., Evans, R.L., Olson, H., and Jenkins, C., 2005, Detailed investigations of sorted bedforms or "rippled scour depressions", within the Martha s Vineyard Coastal Observatory, Massachusetts: Continental Shelf Research, v. 25, p. 461-484. Hallenbeck, T.R., Kvitek, R.G., and Lindholm, J., 2012, Rippled scour depressions add ecologically significant heterogeneity to soft-bottom habitats on the continental shelf: Marine Ecology Progress Series, v. 468, p. 119-133. Lambeck, K., and Chappell, J., 2001, Sea level change through the last glacial cycle: Science, v. 292, p. 679-686, doi: 10.1126/science.1059549. Manson, M.W., Huyette, C.M., Wills, C.J., Huffman, M.E., Smelser, G.G., Fuller, M.E., Domrose, C., and Gutierrez, C., 2006, Landslides in the Highway 1 corridor between Bodega Bay and Fort Ross, Sonoma County, California: California Geological Survey Special Report 196, 26 p., 2 plates, 38 maps, scale 1:12,000. Peltier, W.R., and Fairbanks, R.G., 2005, Global glacial ice volume and Last Glacial Maximum duration from an extended Barbados sea level record: Quaternary Science Reviews, v. 25, p. 3,322-3,337. Sherwood, C.R., Butman, B., Cacchione, D.A., Drake, D.E., Gross, T.F., Sternberg, R.W., Wiberg, P.L., and Williams, A.J., III, 1994, Sediment transport events on the northern California continental shelf during the 1990-1991 STRESS experiment: Continental Shelf Research, v. 14, p. 1063-1099. Trembanis, A.C., and Hume, T.M., 2011, Sorted bedforms on the inner shelf off northeastern New Zealand-Spatiotemporal relationships and potential paleo-environmental implications: Geo-Marine Letters, v. 31, p. 203-214.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.This datset contains boundaries of Wildlife Management Areas that are managed by the West Virginia Department of Natural Resources in West Virginia. It does not include federal lands although portions of those lands are managed in part by WVDNR.Catalog of bird species common to forest and rangeland habitats in the U.S. with natural histories including taxonomic information, range, and habitat descriptions to assist land managers in resource management. Text available as a *.zip file.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Observations taken on board lightships along the United States coasts from 1891 - 1918. Each form covers multiple days, usually one week. Also includes deck logs, which give indication of ships in transit as well as additional weather phenomena. Scanned from microfilm held at the National Archives in College Park, MD.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These files contain classified topographic and bathymetric lidar data as unclassified valid topographic data (1), valid topographic data classified as ground (2), invalid topographic data classified as lowpoints (7), valid bathymetric data (11), and valid topographic data acquired with the bathymetric sensor (14). Classes 1, 2, and 7 are defined in accordance with the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ASPRS) classification standards, while classes 11 and 14 are classes specific to the NOAA Digital Coast Data Access Viewer (DAV).These data were collected with a RIEGL VQ-480 airborne lidar system along the Lake Michigan shoreline. Data coverage generally extends along the shoreline from the waterline to 500 meters onshore. The VQ-480 sensor has a pulse repetition rate of 150 kHz at near infrared laser wavelength. Native lidar data are not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages are used to process the native lidar data into 3-dimensional positions that can be exported to standard formats and imported into GIS software for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in Geographic Coordinates in decimal degrees, are referenced to the NAD83 (2011) Epoch 2010 datum. Vertical elevations in meters are also referenced to this datum (GRS80 ellipsoidal height). The 3-D position data are sub-divided into a series of LAS files. The National Geodetic Surveys (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The 3-D position data are sub-divided into a series of LAS files, each covering approximately 5 kilometers of shoreline. Note: The NOAA Coastal Services Center was unable to determine the exact dates of collection due to corrupt GPS times in at least of the LAS files. Classifications listed from the original metadata above may have changed during processes at NOAA CSC.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSKean University blackboard, Kean University distance education, distance education,webct, kean webct, kean university webct, kean university de, kean onlineSurface ocean velocities estimated from HF-Radar are representitive of the upper 0.3 - 2.5 meters of the ocean. The main objective of near-real time processing is to produce the best product from available data at the time of processing. Radial velocity measurements are obtained from individual radar sites through the HF-Radar Network and processed to create near-real time velocities (RTVs)The grid of gravity anomaly data for the conterminous United States and adjacent marine areas was constructed from National Information Mapping Agency (NIMA) gravity data files. It was reprojected to the specifications for the Spatial Data Delivery (SDD) project.This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of an inshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. XYZ values are derived from a 5m resolution gridding process.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The Office of the National Geodetic Survey has produced a series of high-resolution gravimetric geoid models, hybrid geoid models, and associated deflection of the vertical products for the United States. The gravimetric geoid models are referred to the Geodetic Reference System of 1980 (GRS80), situated in the most recent IGS reference frame . The hybrid geoid models and associated deflection of the vertical models refer to the NAD 83 datum, and are used as a transformation between NAD 83 and NAVD 88. Major geoid products were released in 1990, 1993, 1996, 1999, 2003, 2006, 2009, and 2012. Each release represents an improvement in accuracy over the previous models but, more specifically, represents an improved tie to the spatial reference information existing on bench marks archived in the NGS database at the time they were generated. Hence, NAD 83 and NAVD 88 coordinate information collected and processed in 2003 are consistent with the GEOID03 model. Whereas recently collected data are more consistent with GEOID12A. The newest (2012) products are (1) USGG2012, a gravimetric geoid model, (2) GEOID12A, a hybrid geoid model. A GEOID12 model existed briefly but was replaced with GEOID12A when defects were found in control data used to determine GEOID12. These were fixed and a GEOID12A model released. USGG2012 converts between IGS08 (2005.0) and a geopotential surface built upon the underlying EGM2008 (separate product developed by NGA) reference geoid height model for all regions (conterminous US (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico/Virgin Islands, Guam & the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), and American Samoa). GEOID12A converts between NAD 83 (2011.0) and NAVD 88 for CONUS and Alaska only, between NAD 83 (PA11) and the local vertical datums in Hawaii, and American Samoa, and NAD 83 (MA11) and the local vertical datums in Guam and CNMI. Within CONUS, most users should use GEOID12A. It is constructed specifically to relate GPS ellipsoid heights in the NAD 83 datum (epoch 2011.0) and orthometric heights in the NAVD 88 datum including those in the Gulf Coast Subsidence Regions where Vertical Time Dependent Positioning is employed to determine NAVD 88 heights. These are the datums used in many maps and charts, and most applications require that consistency. GEOID12A also exists for Alaska to provide a transformation between NAD 83 and NAVD 88 - where it is available. NAVD 88 coverage in Alaska is not complete and may not be suitable for all regions. For some scientific applications, use of USGG2012 is appropriate (for water flow and height transfer). However, NAVD 88 remains the official vertical datum approved for use in charting and surveying. No NAVD 88 coverage exists in Hawaii, so GEOID12A converts between the same geopotential surface determined for USGG2012 and NAD 83 (PA11).Guam, CNMI, American Samoa, Puerto Rico (PR), and the U.S. Virgin Islands (VI) all have their own separate vertical datums distinct from NAVD 88. GEOID12A converts between the appropriate local version of NAD 83 and the respective vertical datums for each of these regions. The GEOID12A product comprises eight files for the conterminous US, four files for Alaska, and one each for Hawaii, PR/VI, American Samoa, and Guam/CNMI. Single grids also are available for CONUS and Alaska. Each file contains geoid heights on a one minute by one minute grid in both big-endian and little-endian binary (PC compatible) formats. The INTG program is supplied at the download site to interpolate to a specific position within these grids. Another program, XNTG, is supplied to extract subsets and convert the grids between ASCII and binary. Both are in FORTRAN, are available compiled and as source code, and can byte-swap the grids if needed on a Unix platform. There is also an on-line geoid computational facility within the NGS Geodetic Tool Kit at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/TOOLS. Similar files, programs, and on-line computational facilities exist for USGG2012, USDOV2012 and DEFLEC12A99. USDOV2012 and DEFLEC12A are Deflection of the Vertical models that describe the angular difference between the normal (plumblines) to the ellipsoid and vertical datum. USDOV2012 was determined from USGG2012, while DEFLEC12A was determined from GEOID12A. Hence, USDOV2012 is in IGS08 (2005.0 ), and DEFLEC12A is in NAD 83 (2011/PA11/MA11). See the GEOID section of the NGS Web site at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GEOID. Geoid and deflection of the vertical models for Mexico and the Caribbean were computed in 1997 and are distributed as MEXICO97, DMEX97, CARIB97, and DCAR97 respectively. Note, however, these models are largely superseded by the GGM10 model developed by INEGI in Mexico. All geoid products covered here are considered valid inside the U.S. and its territories only. Geoid height values, especially for GEOID12A, are valid within national boundaries. Canada and Mexico are sovereign nations with their own national height systems. For other areas outside of the above models or other national interests, the EGM2008 model exists as a highly accurate global reference model. NGS also offers technical information concerning the construction of the geoid models and practical information concerning its use on the NGS web site at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GEOID. NGS also offers a workshop concerning GPS derived heights and the use of the geoid models to convert from GPS derived heights to orthometric heights (see http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/PC_PROD/WorkShops/).WFS Service for RGIS dataset NM Gross Receipts Baseline (f2c36661-3e0d-4511-8943-80e77fa6c7bd)This accession contains pressure, temperature, and salinity values collected from 188 CTD casts between the periods of May 27, 1999 to December 15, 1999. The NOAA Ship Rainier collected 185 of the CTD casts in the Gulf of Alaska. The Navigation Response Team 1 collected 3 CTD casts in central Florida lakes. The data were collected using a Sea-Bird SBE 19 SEACAT profiler, and submitted to NODC in the WHOI CTD Exchange Format. Ruby Becker of NOAA's National Ocean Service submitted the data. NODC Accession (0000009)The Department of Molecular Biology is a center of research in the life sciences at Princeton University. The department offers exciting opportunities for graduate students to pursue their goals in diverse areas of research. Housed mainly in four adjacent and connected buildings, it is home to 57 faculty and associated faculty, approximately 139 graduate students, 132 postdoctoral fellows, 127 undergraduate majors, and more than 100 technical and administrative staff.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Satlantic nitrate sensor mounted on buoy yolk at a depth of 1.4m. Sensor used to measure real-time dissolved nitrate concentrations (micro M nitrate/l of water)Explains the problem, describes procedures used to cope with it, ways of monitoring and detecting hazardous conditions, and warning systems currently available to help mitigate the dangers.Temperature profile, nutrients, and other data were collected using bottle, CTD, and XBT casts from the CHOFU MARU in the Northwest Pacific Ocean. Data were collected from 16 January 1993 to 11 June 1995.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.CUGIR, the Cornell University Geospatial Information Repository, using US Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census data, developed the GIS data set versions of 1990 Census TIGER/Line files for 5 coverages for each of the 62 counties in New York State.WFS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Males 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (ec48ab3f-b94d-4199-8d21-1b98a8a9b6bc)In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. Hillshade (shaded relief) images, produced from bare-earth DEMs provide a visual representation of topographic relief.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all pleasure craft and sailing vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from pleasure craft and sailing vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineA line file representing locations of the pipeline infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico associated with the oil and gas industry is presented. These layers were modified from GIS data acquired from the U. S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) website. We note that pipelines are being added or modified continuously, thus regular updates of this database are required to know the true distribution of pipelines. The current layers are non-projected with coordinates in decimal degrees.Brief description of the Western Fisheries Research Center in Seattle devoted to research on fish populations and aquatic ecosystems of the West. Links to research programs, laboratory locations, publications, and map services.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.WMSN/AM State helpThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are clusters of blocks within the same census tract. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tracts. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, tabulation blocks numbered 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within census tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. BGs coded 0 are intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. Block groups generally contain between 600 and 3,000 people. A BG usually covers a contiguous area but never crosses county or census tract boundaries. They may, however, cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. The BG boundaries in this release are those that were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP) for the 2010 Census.W3C Wiki (en)Maps and GIS data depicting land use and land cover in areas near the upper Mississippi River. Historical data are available, dating from the 1890s, 1975, and more regularly from the late 1980s to 2000.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Nix Wiki (en)Systematic survey of soil geochemistry and mineralogy in the conterminous USTechnical information on the Aircraft Scanners data set at the USGS EROS Data Center containing digital imagery acquired from several multispectral scanners collected over conterminous United States, Alaska, and NASA aircraft.This image represents a 4 meter resolution bathymetry of a reef shelf/bank and the steep canyons and slopes of the NE Reserve, offshore of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. The M-I907-NF-12 survey was split into two sites: W00221 in the west and W00222 in the east. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the Northeast Grand Reserve from 4/08/2012 to 4/20/2012. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsburg Em 1002 echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Hypack 2012 acquisition software. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesStudy to reconstruct presettlement vegetation patterns along two navigation reaches of the Upper Mississippi.This data set contains values for Nationally Consistent Data and Measures (NCDMs) designated by the national Environmental Public Health Tracking Program derived from vital records files; these measures describe outcomes of pregnancy, mortality risk from the perinatal period through infancy, population fertility, and sex ratios among newborns. One dataset contains annualized measures calculated for California counties, while the other contains identical measures calculated for California census tracts.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThe USGS Ferromanganese Crust data set was compiled by F.T. Manheim and C.M. Lane-Bostwick of the U.S. Geological Survey, Woods Hole, MA. The data set consists of tables corresponding the USGS Open-File Report 89-020 "Chemical Composition of Ferromanganese Crusts in the World Oceans: A Review and Comprehensive Database." Data include excerpts from the SIO nodule file, the NGDC marine minerals data base, Japanese sources, a Ph.D. thesis, analyses performed at the Bureau of Mines, and analyses performed at other laboratories under the direction of the USGS. These data are also included on the NOAA and MMS Marine Minerals CD-ROM data set released by NGDC in October of 1992. The USGS crust are also available for download from NGDC's Web server.Description of the Geospatial Multi-Agency Coordination (GeoMAC) project, online maps of current wildland fire locations using Netscape Communicator or Microsoft Internet Explorer, and user guide on how to use mapping application.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 24953 was deployed in the region of NW Hawaiian Islands to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpEarth topography five minute grid (ETOPO5) is a gridded data base of worldwide elevations derived from several sources at a resolution of 5 minutes of latitude and longitude. Data are also available for on-line searching through the NGDC server at URL http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/global/global.html. ETOPO5 is also available on CD-ROM, and a number of derived products are available from NGDC.Tropical Outlook and all Possible Storms for the Atlantic/Caribbean BasinThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This image represents a 2 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the south shore of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. Within CARIS, each line of backscatter data was evaluated for bottom tracking and was slant-range corrected. Data was not corrected for gain or transmit power artifacts. Backscatter mosaics were then created using the CARIS shine-through option. Finally, a georeferenced imagery file was exported from the mosaic. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.We estimated a mean of 448 billion cubic feet of potential technically recoverable unconventional natural gas in this area.Physical and profile oceanographic data were collected aboard the ENDEAVOR in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-06-17 to 2010-06-30 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include temperature. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0084592)IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2000-03-06; Survey End: 2000-03-06; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 44767 was deployed in the region of American Samoa to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data contain vertical dive depth and temperature data from numerous pelagic species including bigeye tuna, opah, swordfish and whale sharksWMSIn advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The vegetation digital surface models (veg_DSM) represent the above ground elevation of the highest laser return with all vegetation greater than 20 cm above the ground included.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.SUMASA COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Search SUMASA COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - Sustainability Management Student AssociationInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminants in waterWMSThis data set contains annual measures of arsenic and nitrates in public drinking water supplies. Data are derived from California Office of Drinking Water (ODW) Water Quality Monitoring Database (WQMD, also know as Water Quality Inventory or WQI) and Permits, Inspection, Compliance, Monitoring, and Enforcement (PICME) database. The data set contains one record for each Community Water System (CWS) per year with average and maximum concentrations of arsenic and nitrates as well as the frequency of sampling, the number of sampling stations, and the date of the last sample.EM1002 and EM120 multibeam Data were collected in October/November 2002 aboard R/V Kilo Moana between Kauai Island and Lisianski Island in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI). Multibeam data were collected using Simrad Neptune software, converted to the Generic Sensor Format, and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from CTD's and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. No tidal correctors were applied in real-time or in post-processing. The EM1002 has heave artifacts (~0.6m) in shallow bank-top data. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 30-5200 meters below sea level.Sign up for USGS real-time earthquake notification services.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.PubChem Blog Search PubChem Blog - News, updates and tutorials about PubChemColored map in two parts and text in PDF files requiring Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 to view.We estimated a mean of 1.7 billion barrels of recoverable oil and a mean of 122 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas in this province using a geology based assessment methodology.data set level OpenSearch interface for nsidc.org This is the opensearch description document that describes how to query our server for data set level information.Ichthyoplankton sampling was conducted aboard the NOAA vessel Townsend Cromwell in 9-29 July 1984 and 4-10 February 1985. Collectors included George Boehlert, James Uchiyama, Robert Humphreys, Randolph Chang, Alan Everson, Victor Honda, Bert Kikkawa, Raymond Clarke, Thomas Kazama, and Michael Seki. Two locations were sampled intensively during these cruises; one location was over the seamount summit ("seamount" location); the other location was 20 km west, over a water depth of approximately 1,800-4,750 m ("reference" location). Ichthyoplankton was sampled with an opening-closing Tucker trawl equipped with three nets and a double-release mechanism operated by messengers. The nets were 0.333 mm mesh (Nitex) with a 1.4 m2 mouth area. Ship speed was adjusted over tow speeds of about 0.9-1.1 m/second to maintain a wire angle at 45?. At this angle, the effective mouth area of the Tucker trawl is 1.0 m2 ; tow depths were estimated as a function of wire angle and meters of wire out. Four discrete depth strata (0-25, 25-50, 50-100, and 100-200 m) were sampled. Replicate tows at each depth comprised a sampling series. To sample at discrete depths without contamination by animals from shallower depths, the trawl was lowered with the first net open, and the second net was opened for the desired sampling time and then closed, and the trawl was retrieved with the third net open. To sample the two shallower strata, the trawl was lowered to 50 m, the second net was opened at that depth, and then the third net was opened at 25 m to sample the shallow stratum. For the two deeper strata, the second net was closed at the upper end of each stratum, and the trawl was retrieved with the third net open. Thus, a full set of duplicate samples for each depth stratum required six deployments of the trawl. The summer cruise had two series of night sampling (9-10 and 28-29 July) and one of day sampling (14-15 July); the winter cruise had one series of day and night sampling (4-10 February 1985). Each net was fished for 18 minutes and tows were conducted in a stepped oblique fashion, in an attempt to sample depths equally within each stratum. The volume of water filtered was estimated with calibrated General Oceanics flowmeters mounted in the center of each net. Plankton samples were preserved at sea in a 4% buffered formaldehyde seawater mixture. In the laboratory, plankton volume was determined from a known total volume minus the remaining water volume after the plankton were strained (Omori and Ikeda 1984); gelatinous plankton and fishes larger than approximately 50 mm were removed before the volume was determined. Whole samples were sorted for fish eggs, larvae, and squid para larvae under a dissecting microscope. Larval fishes were identified to the lowest possible taxonomic level by Bruce Mundy.Describes investigative techniques focused on genetic characteristics of individuals and populations, and explains how this information helps improve existing natural populations and potentially impede invasive populations.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesiDigBio (en)Surface ocean velocities estimated from HF-Radar are representitive of the upper 0.3 - 2.5 meters of the ocean. The main objective of near-real time processing is to produce the best product from available data at the time of processing. Radial velocity measurements are obtained from individual radar sites through the HF-Radar Network and processed to create near-real time velocities (RTVs)Presentation of maps of the seismic properties of North America and the surrounding ocean basins compiled from seismic refraction and reflection data, earthquake studies, and surface wave analyses showing crustal thickness and geologic provinces.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderERDDAP at USGS The ERDDAP at USGS is a data server that gives you a simple, consistent way to download subsets of scientific datasets in common file formats and make graphs and maps.Despite substantial interference from hurricanes Bonnie, Charley, and Katrina, Operations Deep-Scope 2004 and 2005 were extremely successful. In addition to numerous discoveries (e.g. fluorescent sharks, new large deep-sea squid, UV vision in deep-sea crabs, the importance of polarized light and bioluminescent searchlights), these expeditions developed several new technologies. The Eye-in-the-Sea is now a robust stealth camera system; waveband, fluorescence, polarization, and UV imaging techniques are well-developed; and we can now collect deep-sea benthic species without damaging their eyes. Together these achievements place us in a unique position to explore the deep sea in innovative and exciting ways. In 2007 we propose to extend the envelope of this exciting frontier in ocean exploration in two ways: 1) developing further imaging and listening technologies, 2) using the currently developed methods to explore the cliffs in the Bahamas that range from the surface to 3000 feet in depth. Results from this proposal will characterize an important deep-sea benthic environment, and use new technologies to locate inorganic and organic ocean resources, fulfilling two of the main themes of Ocean Exploration. The proposed cliff sites range from shallow coral reefs to the abyssal plain and will allow us to explore a large number of benthic communities in a small location and learn how depth affects undersea life. Given the technological focus of our research however, if the ships' schedules should make it difficult to work in this area we would welcome the opportunity to test these new technologies at any biologically rich sites. Unlike many research cruises, which focus in depth on one problem and method, we propose a number of smaller projects that are linked by the methods and questions of visual ecology and optical oceanography. The ultimate goal of our highly interdisciplinary group of researchers is to explore and characterize the deep-sea world in these new ways.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. Hillshade (shaded relief) images, produced from bare-earth DEMs provide a visual representation of topographic relief.NLCD 1992, NLCD 2001, NLCD 2006, and NLCD 2011 are National Land Cover Database classification schemes based primarily on Landsat data along with ancillary data sources, such as topography, census and agricultural statistics, soil characteristics, wetlands, and other land cover maps. NLCD 1992 is a 21-class land cover classification scheme that has been applied consistently across the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters. NLCD 2001 is a 16-class land cover classification scheme that also has been applied to the conterminous U.S. at a spatial resolution of 30 meters, and includes Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. NLCD 2006 quantifies land cover change for the conterminous U.S. between the years 2001 to 2006. Generation of NLCD 2006 helped identify and correct issues in the NLCD 2001 land cover and impervious surface products only, and no changes were made to the NLCD 2001 canopy product. For additional information, go to http://www.mrlc.gov/. See http://viewer.nationalmap.gov/help for assistance with The National Map viewer, services, or metadata.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NOAA Hypoxia Watch project provides near-real-time, web-based maps of dissolved oxygen near the sea floor over the Texas-Louisiana continental shelf during a period that extends from early June to mid-July. The NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service Mississippi Laboratories at Pascagoula and Stennis Space Center and the NOAA National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC) at Stennis Space Center began the Hypoxia Watch project in 2001. Scientists aboard the NOAA Research Vessel Oregon II measure seawater properties, such as water temperature, salinity, chlorophyll, and dissolved oxygen at each of approximately 240 locations as the Oregon II cruises the waters south of Pascagoula, MS and then makes its way from Brownsville, Texas, to the mouth of the Mississippi River. A scientist aboard the ship processes the measurements from electronic dissolved oxygen sensors, checks the measurements periodically with chemical analyses of the seawater, then sends the data by e-mail to NCDDC at Stennis Space Center approximately every three to five days. Physical Scientists at NCDDC transform the dissolved oxygen measurements into contour maps, which identify areas of low oxygen, or hypoxia. During the 6-week cruise, as the data is received from the ship, NCDDC generates new maps and immediately publishes them on the web. The first map will usually cover an area off the Mississippi coast, successive maps will add areas of the continental shelf from Brownsville to Galveston, and the final map will usually cover the entire Texas-Louisiana-Mississippi coast. Maps are published every three to five days from approximately June 10 to July 20.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Informatics Europe is the association of computer science departments and research laboratories in Europe and neighboring areas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AMeasures (en)The Resource Assessment and Conservation Engineering (RACE) Division of the Alaska Fisheries Science Center (AFSC) conducted a survey in the eastern Bering Sea (EBS) to evaluate short-term impacts of bottom trawls on soft-bottom benthic habitats and to describe the recovery process. This was a multi-year project which follows earlier studies of long-term bottom trawling impacts in the same general region. The study area was within the Crab and Halibut Protection Zone 1 in Bristol Bay (management area 512; approximately latitude 58 degrees north and longitude 160 degrees west. In general, at-sea work was divided into three phases: (1) integrated biological and geological sampling before experimental trawling, (2) experimental trawling and (3) integrated biological and geological sampling after experimental trawling. Survey activities were conducted aboard the 47.2 meter (155 ft) chartered vessel Ocean Explorer. This was a commercial fishing vessel modified to support the research activities. Activity during phase 1 consisted of side scan assessments of seafloor morphology with an interferometric Klein 5410 side scan sonar towfish during night wheel watches, and epifauna trawls and collection of infauna and sediment grabs during daylight hours. All samples from a particular gear were collected in succession, so as to minimize time spent installing and configuring gear during phases (1) and (3). Assessment activities after the impact phase were a repeat of activities prior to experimental trawling.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the 6 main types of hazardous activities and processes associated with volcanoes, including tephra, lava flows, pyroclastic flows, lahars (volcanic mudflows), landslides, and volcanic gas.Bird banding is used to study the movement, survival and behavior of birds. The Bird Banding Laboratory Site has links to the value, procedure and history of bird banding, how to report bird bands (English & Spanish), and resources for birders.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands, based on a 5m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSCounts of primarily planktonic foraminifera from Dr. W.F. Ruddiman and staff at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University are included in these files. Some diatom observations made by Dr. C. Sancetta of LDEO are also included. The data set consists of approximately 35 files of faunal counts including core id., latitude, longitude, water depth, and appropriate transfer function. Data also include depth in core, count of total species, total abundance, case condition for count, core type code, and faunal code. A taxonomic overview is included, along with complete documentation. Associated Sea Surface temperature estimates are also included. These data are available for direct ftp download from NGDC's Web server.Debian.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Significant Earthquake Database is a global listing of over 5,700 earthquakes from 2150 BC to the present. A significant earthquake is classified as one that meets at least one of the following criteria: caused deaths, caused moderate damage (approximately $1 million or more), magnitude 7.5 or greater, Modified Mercalli Intensity (MMI) X or greater, or the earthquake generated a tsunami. The database provides information on the date and time of occurrence, latitude and longitude, focal depth, magnitude, maximum MMI intensity, and socio-economic data such as the total number of casualties, injuries, houses destroyed, and houses damaged, and $ dollage damage estimates. References, political geography, and additional comments are also provided for each earthquake. If the earthquake was associated with a tsunami or volcanic eruption, it is flagged and linked to the related tsunami event or significant volcanic eruption.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The USGS US Topo Availability service from The National Map consists of footprints where US Topo products are currently available. Various green tints are used to reflect the year in which the latest US Topo products have been published. The service is updated daily and contains the same data used for US Topo footprints in the Map Locator and Downloader application programming interface in the USGS Store - store.usgs.gov. In addition to access through The National Map Viewer, US Topo products and other USGS publications are available through the USGS Store. For additional information, go to nationalmap.gov.This data set contains lidar point data (UTM, Zone 11) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Long Beach to the US/Mexico border. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 Observer (tail number N6602L) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 18 and 19 October 2005; Julian Days 29105 and 29205 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 300-600m AGL, and ground speed: 95-120kts. Four GPS base stations, Seal Beach and San Onofre on 29105 and Point Loma and Scripps Pier on 29205 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates), operated during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.This folder contains Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department maps. The maps are provided in tiff and/or pdf format.Search the current edition of the CatalogIPR Holder: Other - See INFORM; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 1997-01-01; Survey End: 1997-12-31; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known; Information: Owned by Larne Harbour Authority;This dataset contains a point shapefile with benthic habitat classifications of vertical relief, geomorphological structure, substrate, and biological cover for selected points along various Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video transects in the US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) underwater video data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a Phantom S2 ROV operated by NOAA's National Undersea Research Program (NURP) and georeferenced and visually interpreted by CCMA employees. Data is in UTM zone 20N, datum WGS84.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search CPAN with MetaCPANRecord-high seawater temperatures and calm seas in the summer of 2005 led to the most severe coral bleaching (death) ever observed in the U.S. Virgin Islands.N/AWMSData from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Compared species composition, numbers and biomass per unit area of nekton and infauna among salt marsh (Spartina alterniflora) and open water habitats to valuate the extent of biological gain achieved from marsh creation in open water habitat in Galveston Bay.This dataset consists of Level II weather radar data collected from Next-Generation Radar (NEXRAD) stations located in the contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. territories and at military base sites. NEXRAD is a network of 160 high-resolution Doppler weather radars operated by the NOAA National Weather Service (NWS), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and the U.S. Air Force (USAF). Doppler radars detect atmospheric precipitation and winds, which allow scientists to track and anticipate weather events, such as rain, ice pellets, snow, hail, and tornadoes, as well as some non-weather objects like birds and insects. NEXRAD stations use the Weather Surveillance Radar - 1988, Doppler (WSR-88D) system. This is a 10 cm wavelength (S-Band) radar that operates at a frequency between 2,700 and 3,000 MHz. The radar system operates in two basic modes: a slow-scanning Clear Air Mode (Mode B) for analyzing air movements when there is little or no precipitation activity in the area, and a Precipitation Mode (Mode A) with a faster scan for tracking active weather. The two modes employ nine Volume Coverage Patterns (VCPs) to adequately sample the atmosphere based on weather conditions. A VCP is a series of 360 degree sweeps of the antenna at pre-determined elevation angles and pulse repetition frequencies completed in a specified period of time. The radar scan times 4.5, 5, 6 or 10 minutes depending on the selected VCP. During 2008, the WSR-88D radars were upgraded to produce increased spatial resolution data, called Super Resolution. The earlier Legacy Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 1 km range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 1.0 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 230 km. The upgraded Super Resolution data provides radar reflectivity at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 460 km, and Doppler velocity and spectrum width at 0.5 degree azimuthal by 250 m range gate resolution to a range of 300 km. Super resolution makes a compromise of slightly decreased noise reduction for a large gain in resolution. In 2010, the deployment of the Dual Polarization (Dual Pol) capability to NEXRAD sites began with the first operational Dual Pol radar in May 2011. Dual Pol radar capability adds vertical polarization to the previous horizontal radar waves, in order to more accurately discern the return signal. This allows the radar to better distinguish between types of precipitation (e.g., rain, hail and snow), improves rainfall estimates, improves data retrieval in mountainous terrain, and aids in removal of non-weather artifacts. The NEXRAD products are divided in two data processing levels. The lower Level II data are the three meteorological base data quantities at original resolution: reflectivity, mean radial velocity, and spectrum width. Level II data are recorded at all NWS and most USAF and FAA WSR-88D sites. From the Level II quantities, computer processing generates numerous meteorological analysis Level III products. NEXRAD data are provided to the NOAA National Climatic Data Center for archiving and dissemination to users. Data coverage varies by station and ranges from June 1991 to 1 day from present. Most stations began observing in the mid-1990s, and most period of records are continuous.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Hidalgo County 2010 Census County Subdivision County-based (df6e88de-0a85-48c3-83d8-480013080ab9)This data set identifies impervious surfaces on the island of Hawaii. Impervious surfaces have been extracted using semi-automated methods from high resoltion imagery.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Centre National Pour l'Exploitation des Oceans (CNEXO) ferromanganese nodule analysis files consist of geochemical data from published reports pertaining to oceanic ferromanganese deposits, including Russian, since 1891. Data were compiled under the direction of J.M. Monget of Ecoles de Mines, Paris through 1976 and contain data for nearly 200 core, dredge, and grab samples. Data include method of analysis, oxide/item/element concentrations, location, water depth, sample lithology, and bibliographic references. The CNEXO data are also available as part of the NGDC marine minerals database and are offered on the NOAA & MMS Marine Minerals CD-ROM data set released by NGDC in October of 1992. The CNEXO data are also available for direct download from NGDC's web server.Two spatially and temporally discordant research cruises were conducted to account for seasonal movements and potential differences in sampling efficiency at these different depths: a fall 2006 cruise conducted within inshore areas west of Tampa Bay and a summer 2007 cruise conducted in the Florida Middle Grounds. Stationary underwater video camera arrays, chevron traps, longlines and kali poles were deployed in 2006, and hook-and-line surveys were added in 2007. Results from these two cruises were used to compare and calibrate catch rates from multiple sampling methods to identify the most effective gear types in targeting reef fish assemblages, and to investigate the importance of habitat on catch rates of reef fishes. During the fall 2006 research cruise, a total of 110 stationary video camera array deployments, 113 chevron trap deployments, 171 kali pole deployments, and 92 longline deployments were done. A total of 3,158 individuals from 42 taxa were identified on the video reads; catches were dominated numerically by Decapterus spp., Caranx crysos, Diplectrum formosum, and Haemulon aurolineatum. Chevron traps caught a total of 459 fish/macro-invertebrates from 20 taxa, with Rhomboplites aurorubens, Diplectrum formosum, Calamus proridens, and Haemulon aurolineatum being the most abundant. A total of 359 fishes from 26 different fish taxa were collected in longline sets; catch was dominated by Epinephelus morio, which comprised 40.1% of the total catch. A total of 62 fish from 14 different taxa were collected in kali pole sets, with Epinephelus morio comprising 29% of the total catch. During the summer 2007 research cruise, a total of 51 stationary video camera array deployments, 164 chevron trap deployments, 332 kali pole deployments, 84 longline deployments, and 51 hook-and-line surveys were completed. A total of 1,635 individuals were identified from 67 taxa in the 51 video deployments observed; catches were dominated by Decapterus spp., Stegastes spp., and mixed pomacentrids, which represented almost 62% of the total individuals observed. Many commercially and recreationally important taxa were also observed. A total of 630 individuals were caught in chevron traps, including 24 fishes and two crab species; catches were dominated numerically by Rhomboplites aurorubens. Twenty-three different fish taxa were collected in longline sets, with Epinephelus morio comprising 62.7% of the total catch. A total of 161 fish from 15 different taxa were collected in kali pole sets, with Epinephelus morio comprising 71.4% of the total catch. During hook-and-line surveys, a total of 317 individuals were obtained, from 24 distinct taxa. Catch was dominated by Epinephelus morio, which comprised 43.2% of the total catch and occurred at 72.6% of all survey locations. Based on these comparisons, it appears that a combination of stationary video camera arrays, chevron traps, and at least one hooked gear would likely be the most efficient and cost-effective approach to monitoring reef fish resources along the west Florida shelf.Description of technique and equipment for high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) used to identify organic compounds in chemical analysis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Commercially available regional economic data for Alaska fisheries [such as IMpact analysis for PLANning (IMPLAN)] are unreliable. Therefore, these data need to be either collected or estimated based on more reliable information. These data have been collected or estimated for important economic variables such as cost, employment, and factor income (labor income and capital) for Alaska fisheries. The data thus collected or estimated have been used to develop regional economic models for Alaska fisheries in order to estimate the economic impacts of Alaska fisheries.Geographic Analysis and Monitoring Program (GAM) conducts studies about land surface change, environmental and human health, fire and urban ecology, and natural hazards to help decision-makers in land-use planning and land management.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data for power plants with total installed generating capacity > 10 mw from the Platts World Electric Power Plants Database (WEPP 2006). Plants were georeferenced using location information from the WEPP, auxiliary GIS datasets, World Bank project documents and the internet. Locations are approximate, precision varies greatly by point, based on the source of coordinate information. The following attributes are included: PLANT: power plant name, STATUS: status (OPR, CON, PLN, OTHER, UNK), SUM_MW: total installed generating capacity, LATITUDE: approximate location, latitude, LONGITUDE: approximate location, longitude, GEN_TYPE: type of electricity generation (HYDRO, THERMAL, OTHER)The point locations of school district service offices were developed at MDE to complement other school locational information. Many school district offices, or service centers, are located in a current elementary, middle or high school building. Some have their own facility. All locations have been developed and compared to existing school locations or address matched using The Lawrence Group street centerline address files. Unmatched locations were matched through school district websites or Google maps. Some locations may be incorrect as a full QA/QC process has not been completed.The ISO19115 metadata standard is the preferred metadata standard to use. This template is multilingual with a default language set to english. Other language could be used to translate part of the metadata record. Main language is define in metadata section. Other languages could be added to metadata section / locale element.USGS project to understand coastal evolution and modern beach behavior; to identify and model the physical processes affecting coastal ocean circulation and sediment transport; and to identify sediment sources and construct a regional sediment budget.Well log observations in the state of GeorgiaThis data includes springs and seeps of Arkansas that have been designated as Ecologically Sensitive Waterbodies, as indicated by Regulation No. 2 adopted by the Arkansas Pollution Control And Ecology Commission. It consists of a subset of the stream segments from the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) Medium Resolution (1:100,000) Flowline. This dataset originated from the Arkansas Natural Heritage Commission (ANHC).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Bedform sedimentology home page with links to information on sedimentary structures including, explanatory text, computer-generated images and movies, photographs, and bedform simulation software.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Agriculture Handbook Number 703 (Renard et al.,1997). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall ersoivity are called isoerodents. The iserodents plotted on a map of the coterminous U.S. were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 800 meter resolution in Albers Conic Equal Area, GRS80, NAD83.Poster includes GIS data for earthquake locations in this seismically active area.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ROV exploration of the Northeast U.S. Deepwater Canyons complementing and continuing the work of the 2012 ACUMEN expedition. The two legs of EX1304 will perform systematic exploration, investigating deep water areas in and along the northeast canyons off the U.S. East Coast.Deck41 is a digital summary of surficial sediment composition for 36,401 seafloor samples worldwide. Data include collecting source, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, dominant lithology, secondary lithology, and a brief description of the surficial sediment at the location. Descriptions were abstracted largely from unpublished laboratory reports and core log sheets contributed to the National Oceanographic Data Center prior to 1975. Descriptions were assigned by Ms. Susie Bershad,and Dr. Martin Weiss of the Marine Geology and Geophysics Branch of NODC, which was transferred to the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in 1976, at which time compilation ceased. Data are free for online search and download.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Curry County 2010 Census Block Groups (41d60b31-25ac-4c28-89c7-464cfe186537)WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Report describing the results of an interdisciplinary environmental study of the World Trade Center (WTC) area after the attack on September 11, 2001. The investigations included imaging spectroscopy mapping and laboratory analysis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A joint venture involving the National Atlas programs in Canada (Natural Resources Canada), Mexico (Instituto Nacional de Estad stica Geograf a e Inform tica), and the United States (U.S. Geological Survey), as well as the North American Commission for Environmental Co-operation, has led to the release (June 2004) of several new products: an updated paper map of North America, and its associated geospatial data sets and their metadata. These data sets are available online from each of the partner countries both for visualization and download. The North American Atlas data are standardized geospatial data sets at 1:10,000,000 scale. A variety of basic data layers (e.g. roads, railroads, populated places, political boundaries, hydrography, bathymetry, sea ice and glaciers) have been integrated so that their relative positions are correct. This collection of data sets forms a base with which other North American thematic data may be integrated. Any data outside of Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America included in the North American Atlas data sets is strictly to complete the context of the data. The North American Atlas - Railroads data set shows the railroads of North America at 1:10,000,000 scale. The railroads selected for this data set are either rail links between major centres of population or major resource railways. There is no classification of rail lines. This data set was produced using digital files supplied by Natural Resources Canada, Instituto Nacional de Estad stica Geograf a e Inform tica, and the U.S. Geological Survey.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 24754 was deployed in the region of American Samoa to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We estimated mean volumes of technically recoverable, conventional, undiscovered petroleum resources at 8 billion barrels of crude oil, 670 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 21 billion barrels of natural gas liquids in this area.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.Codex (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search Sage's Online Faculty and Staff DirectoryThis dataset shows the location of storage tanks and associated piping used for petroleum and certain hazardous substances that have experienced leaks as determined by RIDEMThe U.S. ground water atlas consists of information on ground water resources of 13 regions covering the 50 States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Text and maps can be viewed online and downloaded as ASCII, GIF, and *.eps files.Technical review of the principles of spectroscopy and its use in identifying minerals and other materials.The Afrobarometer is an independent, nonpartisan research project that measures the social, political, and economic atmosphere in AfricaThe JNCC marine survey took place in May 2008 within the Submarine structures in the mid-Irish Sea Area of Search (AoS) and the Solan Bank AoS on board the RV CEFAS Endeavour. The aim was identifying habitats listed under Annex I of the EC Habitats Directive; primarily Submarine structures made by leaking gases in the former AoS and Reef habitat in the latter. Multibeam bathymetry was collected using a Kongsberg EM3000D system and sidescan sonar data which was collected using a Benthos SIS 1624 sidescan sonar. Ground-truthing techniques included towed & drop down video/stills and Hamon grab sampling. Rock dredge sampling was also used on a few stations to gather samples of epibiota from hard substrata to assist with the taxonomic ID of the video & still images. The geology and geophysics component of the data are archived at the British Geological Survey (BGS) MEDIN Data Archive Centre (DAC) for Geology and Geophysics. Biological and bathymetry data are archived at DASSH and UKHO respectively. For more information see http://jncc.defra.gov.uk/page-4732. Technical details of the survey are contained in JNCC report No. 430, http://jncc.defra.gov.uk/page-5347 and BGS subsample analysis report CR/09/51. JNCC Contract No: F90-01-1200.Website with links to USGS hydrologic, geohydrologic, soil, and geologic projects in Missouri using geographic information systems (GIS) technology with digital datasets of images, models, and maps produced by the projects to view.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The Significant Volcanic Eruptions Database is a global listing of over 600 eruptions from 4360 BC to the present. A significant eruption is classified as one that meets at least one of the following criteria: caused fatalities, caused moderate damage (approximately $1 million or more), Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 6 or greater, generated a tsunami, or was associated with a significant earthquake. The database provides information on the latitude, longitude, elevation, type of volcano, last known eruption, VEI index, and socio-economic data such as the total number of casualties, injuries, houses destroyed, and houses damaged, and $ dollage damage estimates. References, political geography, and additional comments are also provided for each eruption. If the eruption was associated with a tsunami or significant earthquake, it is flagged and linked to the related database. For a complete list of current and past activity for all volcanoes on the planet active during the last 10,000 years, please see Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program (GVP).FAF domestic region level datasets and products (NTAD 2014) provide information for states, state portions of large metropolitan areas, and remainders of states. Metropolitan areas consist of Metropolitan Statistical Areas or Consolidated Statistical Areas as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. When a metropolitan area is entirely within a state or when a state's portion of a multi-state metropolitan area is large enough to support the sampling procedures in the Commodity Flow Survey, the area becomes a separate FAF region. Small single-state metropolitan areas and small portions of a multi-state metropolitan area are part of the State or Remainder of State. FAF has two metropolitan areas that are each divided into three FAF regions, four that are each divided into two FAF regions, and several that have small pieces combined with States or Remainders of States.Belt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 6 sites at Rota in the Marianas Archipelago (MA) during 12 - 22 May 2007 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0702) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.Research with a primary focus on coastal and marine environments and societal implications of natural hazards, resource sustainability, and environmental change.This dataset contains a unified GeoTiff with 10x10 meter cell size representing the bathymetry (depth) of several deep coral priority areas off the South Atlantic Bight, derived from data collected in November 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster, as well as federal, university, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data off the South Atlantic Bight from 11/13/2010 to 11/22/2010. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 122 multibeam echosounder (100 kHz). It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Attitude and sound velocity correctors applied to the data. Verified tides were not applied to the data, leaving the depth values referenced to the ellipsoid. The imagery is projected in the UTM Zone 17 north, NAD83 datum. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Geocoder 3.x software. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are ostensibly an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats.Leeds University LibraryThis project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, the National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the state of Florida, Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC., the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, and NOVA Southeastern University, National Coral Reef Institute. The goal of the effort is to use NOAA-developed mapping methods to produce shallow-water (<30 m) benthic habitat maps of southern Florida. The maps are generated by visual interpretation of georeferenced IKONOS and WorldView-2 satellite imagery. The underwater video clips and still images are collected to either perform ground validation (GV) of seafloor habitat features during visual interpretation of high-resolution satellite imagery and map preparation or independently assess the accuracy (AA) of the habitat map.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands, based on a 10m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/ASubbottom Profile data files: Subbottom ProfilerThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The NOAA Coral Reef Watch (CRW) Enhanced 50-km (E-50) Satellite Coral Bleaching Degree Heating Weeks (DHW) product is part of the CRW experimental near-real-time global Enhanced 50-km (E-50) satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite that enhances the CRW operational near-real-time global 50-km satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite. The enhanced (E-50) product suite was launched on September 30, 2009. Its counterpart, the operational product suite, was implemented initially in 2000. Both product suites provide updated monitoring information twice-weekly. This metadata file provides information on the E-50 DHW product for both the most recent near-real-time updates and the archived E-50 DHW product, dating back to October 2007, when the E-50 DHW product first became available. A DHW measures accumulation of bleaching thermal stress that coral reefs experience over a period of 12 consecutive weeks (about 3 months), ending on the day indicated in the product. It is derived from the Coral Bleaching HotSpots product (another key tool in the CRW operational product suite). A Coral Bleaching HotSpot is a specific type of sea surface temperature (SST) anomaly that measures the amount of SST exceeding a static coral bleaching threshold SST; it serves as a measure of instantaneous bleaching thermal stress and shows the occurrence, magnitude, and spatial distribution of the stress. All non-positive HotSpot values are recorded as zeros. The DHW value (again, a measurement of accumulated thermal stress) is, in its most simplistic form, the sum of all of the individual twice-weekly HotSpot values at any particular location, within a 12-week period and with a magnitude of at least 1 degree Celsius, multiplied by the duration of the twice-weekly HotSpot value (i.e., 0.5 weeks). A more complicated formula describing how the DHW value is calculated can be obtained at http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/methodology/methodology.php#dhw. One DHW is equivalent to one week of SST at 1 degree Celsius above the threshold, or 0.5 weeks of SST at two degrees Celsius above the threshold. The E-50 DHW product is derived from CRW's E-50 HotSpots product, which is calculated from CRW's E-50 SST based on near-real-time satellite data from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on some of NOAA's Polar Orbiting Environmental Satellites (POES), as with the operational SST. CRW's entire experimental E-50 satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite is based on the enhanced 50-km SST product. The E-50 DHW provides two major improvements over the current operational 50-km DHW product: full coastal coverage and improved climatology. The E-50 SST product that the E-50 DHW product is based on produces SST data for areas closer to the coast globally. This is achieved through the use of a higher-resolution land mask and retrieval of satellite data in coastal regions excluded from analysis by the operational land mask. Availability of satellite data for coastal areas greatly improves monitoring of coral reef ecosystems, the majority of which occur along coasts. While the current operational SST product enables direct monitoring of only 40% of the world's coral reefs, the E-50 SST product uses the new 50-km land mask to provide SST monitoring for more than 99% of 50-km pixels that contain coral reefs globally. The operational 50-km HotSpots product that the operational DHW product is derived from is sensitive to errors in the climatology (long-term average conditions) used in the analysis. The E-50 climatology, used to develop the E-50 product suite, improves the overall accuracy of CRW products. It uses the 1985-2006 Version 5.0 Pathfinder 4-km AVHRR SSTs to address known climatology errors in CRW's operational 50-km product suite. Errors include overestimation of the operational 50-km HotSpots and DHW in certain areas, such as the Gulf of Panama and Gulf of Oman regions. Related details, as well as other important information, are provided on the E-50 portion of the CRW web site: http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/e50/index.php. The E-50 DHW product is available in static image and Google Earth formats. The product, its detailed description, and available data formats and delivery mechanisms are accessible at http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite, along with general CRW product information and access to other CRW products.Locations of USGS science centers focused on climate change, with a brief description of the scientific focus and regional partner organizations.This British Geological Survey (BGS) survey took place in July/August 1995) in the Wash on board the Greyhound Tracker. Technical details are contained in BGS Report WB/95/36. Report: Brett, CP. 1995. LOEPS Shallow Seismic Survey, Wash, N. Norfolk, Humber Operations Report: Project 95/02.This data set delineates geological seafloor characteristics of the continental margin of the United States West Coast. Seafloor types are classified according to Greene et. al. (1999) deep-water marine benthic habitat scheme. Seafloor feature interpretation was performed by West Coast geologic mapping experts as a synthesis of various source data sets, including side-scan sonar, bottom samples, seismic data, and multibeam bathymetry. The Active Tectonics and Seafloor Mapping Lab, College of Oceanic and Atmospheric Sciences, Oregon State University developed the data for Oregon and Washington. The Center for Habitat Studies, Moss Landing Marine Laboratories developed the data for California. These data were clipped to the oceanic area adjacent to the three Central California National Marine Sanctuaries.CRED SVP drifter Argos_ID 24961 was deployed in the region of NW Hawaiian Islands to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. SVP drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpU.S.V.I. relative erosion rate by land cover type (1900)postdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemThis data set contains Barrow Webcam images of the Cakeater Drift and instrument site (eSWE Sensor and Tower).Homepage for USGS national surface-water data with more than 850,000 station years of time-series data for stream levels, streamflow (discharge), reservoir and lake levels, surface-water quality, and rainfall plus real-time data and tutorial.The data presented in the Oculina Banks Geographic Information System (OGIS) were collected as part of a cooperative project between: the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Undersea Research Program, NOAA Fisheries (also primary sponsor of OGIS), NOAA Ocean Service, NOAA Ocean Exploration Program, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS)-- Coastal and Marine Geology Program, Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution (HBOI) and Florida State University. An Oculina Geographic Information System (OGIS) provides a comprehensive, interactive data source for the Oculina Banks Habitat Area of Particular Concern (OHAPC), a marine protected area off the east coast of Florida in 70 to 120 meters of water depth. Data layers include: : multi-beam bathymetry, single-beam bathymetry, sidescan mosaics, sediment analyses, resulting interpretative maps of habitat types, video and still imagery from submersible (human occupied and remotely operated vehicles) dive transects and point counts (fish and habitat cover), and dive narratives. This record relates to data from fourteen 2001 submersible "Clelia" dives. Narratives including habitat descriptions and estimates of megafaunal species abundance were derived by J. Arcuri from videotapes recorded during the dives.OpenStreetMap is a map of the world, created by people like you and free to use under an open license.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific Collaborationmeshwiki (en)During EX1202 Leg III between April 11 and April 29, 2012 on NOAA Ship Okeanos Explorer (EX), 24-hour operations occured in targeted areas in the Northern Gulf of Mexico and the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary. Operations included daytime ROV dives at depths less than 4000m and nightly multibeam surveys with periodic XBT casts for calibration. Night operations will also include occasional CTD casts.National Estuarine Research Reserve System The National Estuarine Research Reserve System was established by the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (as amended) and is a network of protected areas established for long-term research, education and stewardship. This partnership program between NOAA and the coastal states protects more than one million acres of estuarine land and water, which provides essential habitat for wildlife; offers educational opportunities for students, teachers and the public; and serves as living laboratories for scientists. NOAA provides funding, national guidance, and technical assistance. Each reserve is managed on a daily basis by a lead state agency or university, with input from local partners. NERR System Wide Monitoring Project (SWMP) The National Estuarine Research Reserve System-wide Monitoring Program tracks short-term variability and long-term changes in estuarine waters to understand how human activities and natural events can change ecosystems. It provides valuable long-term data on water quality, water nutrient levels, and weather at frequent time intervals. Coastal managers use this monitoring data to make informed decisions on local and regional issues, such as no-discharge zones for boats and measuring the success of restoration projects. The reserve system currently measures physical and chemical water quality indicators, nutrients and the impacts of weather on estuaries. As the program expands, plans include adding a biological monitoring component and tracking changes in land use through remote sensing. North Inlet  Winyah Bay Reserves Weather Monitoring Program The North Inlet Estuary and the adjacent lower northeastern section of Winyah Bay Estuary were designated as part of the National Estuarine Research Reserve System in 1992. The North Inlet - Winyah Bay (NIW) Reserve is managed/hosted by the University of South Carolina, Belle W. Baruch Institute for Marine and Coastal Sciences, at the Baruch Marine Field Laboratory. Its environmental monitoring program began running under the auspices of the NERR program in June 1993. In 1995, the NERR program began a System-Wide Monitoring Program that set protocols for monitoring the estuarine environment, starting with water quality. Collection protocols for weather data were being developed and implemented in 1997, at which time the NIW reserves data collection procedures changed to follow these new guidelines. Official SWMP weather protocols were implemented in 2001. Weather data collected under the NERR program are a continuation of the Baruch Institutes long-term meteorological data set, which began in 1982, with rainfall data extending back into 1978. The NIW NERR weather station is located at the end of the Oyster Landing pier. The station includes sensors for air temperature, relative humidity, photosynthetically active solar radiation (PAR, collected by a LiCor Quantum sensor), barometric pressure, wind speed, wind direction, solar radiation (Eppley black and white pyranometer, wavelengths between 280 and 2800 nm), and precipitation. All sensors are located on an aluminum tower at a height of approximately 3.5 meters (with the exception of the rain gauge, which is adjacent to the boardwalk) and are wired into a Campbell Scientific CR10X data logger. The data logger program, provided by the NERR Centralized Data Management Office (CDMO), determines and implements the data collection schedule. Readings are taken every 5 seconds continuously throughout the year and various average, instantaneous, and total data are reported for 15-minute, hourly, and 24-hour time intervals. Over the course of this database, there were protocol changes in data collection and reporting. See the Supplemental Information section (below) for some general information, the Completeness Report and the NERRMET.MissingAnomalous.2000-2004 document for more detailed information, and the Field Methodology Description for a complete data collection schedule.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search The UO Ticket Office siteGreen Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.DOI is developing a long-term permafrost monitoring network on federal lands in northern Alaska as part of the Global Terrestrial Network for Permafrost (GTN-P) and the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS). DOI/GTN-P consists of two subnetworks: 1) a network of 15 automated surface stations, and 2) a 20-element deep borehole array. The surface stations continuously monitor changes in permafrost active-layer as well as a number of other climate parameters, including: permafrost tempe rature, soil moisture, snow depth, air temperature, wind speed and direction, up- and downwelling shortwave radiation, albedo, and cloudiness. A portion of the surface network is now available in near real-time through radio telemetry. Vegetation changes are co incidentally monitored at these sites. The borehole array is used to monitor the thermal state of the underlying permafrost. This is the largest array of deep boreholes in the world currently available for monitoring the thermal state of permafrost. Many of the surface stations are co-located with deep boreholes, effectively forming 'permafrost observatories.' In conjunction with DOI/GTN-P, we are developing models for synthesizing climate observations and for investigating how the cryosphere responds to climate chan ge. These models will improve existing predictive capabilities for DOI lands. Climate projections by global coupled Atmosphere-Ocean General Circulation Models (AOGCMs) suggest significant environmental changes will occur in the Arctic during the next 80 years (http://www.acia.uaf.edu). According to these models, climate change will be Arctic-wide with a pronounced enhancement over the Arctic Ocean and adjacent coastal plains. These projections suggest large climate-induced landscape and ecosystem changes are likely to occur in northern Alaska during the next few decades. Important issues for DOI lands in this region include: permafrost degradation; vulnerability of high northern infrastructure to permafrost instability; large potential greenhouse gas (CO2, methane) emissi ons form warming permafrost; shifting vegetation patterns; impacts of habitat changes of wildlife; changing stream flow and lake levels; impacts of ecosystem changes on Native peoples: and, coastal erosion, inundation of coastal areas by storm surges. Given the large potential impacts, and the significant uncertainty in the model projections, a comprehensive monitoring effort is warranted.Arsenic is a naturally occurring element in rocks, soils, and the waters in contact with them. It is found in ground water as the result of minerals dissolving from weathered rocks and soils. This site links to data, maps, and more.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.USGS water resources home page for Indiana with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and long-term data for streamflow, ground and surface water, drought, and water quality plus GPS ground station data and publications.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Long-term reduction in rainfall and increasing temperature threaten Chad's future food production prospects; combined with rapid population growth and zones of substantial conflict, increasing numbers of people will be at risk.GeoBrain Web Coverage Server for DEM dataProtege Wiki (en)Belt transects along 2 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 13 sites at Pearl and Hermes Atoll in the NW Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during 1 September - 4 October 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise (HI0611). Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts and size classes by genus, and determination of benthic cover using the line-intercept method. Depending on colony density, 0.5 or 1 m on each side of the transect lines was included in the belt (for a total of 25-100m2 per site).WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Federal Lands data consists of land areas that are run and maintained by U.S. Governmental authorities and are considered protected.The Department of Natural Resources makes no warranty, expressed or implied, as to the use or appropriateness of Spatial Data, and there are no warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. The information contained in Spatial Data is from publicly available sources, but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of Spatial Data. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be subject to liability for human error, error due to software conversion, defect, or failure of machines, or any material used in the connection with the machines, including tapes, disks, CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs and energy. The Department of Natural Resources shall not be liable for any lost profits, consequential damages, or claims against the Department of Natural Resources by third parties. The liability of the Department of Natural Resources for damage regardless of the form of the action shall not exceed any distribution fees that may have been paid in obtaining Spatial Data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Eclipsepedia (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Aging studies based upon biological samples have become increasingly important for stock assessments. This database records the results of age determinations from hardparts, i.e. otoliths and spines, from the National Marine Fisheries' Trip Interview Program (TIP) and other scientific surveys.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record. Survey types are B: Hydrographic EEZ Surveys; D: Discovery Surveys; H: Hydrographic Surveys; F: Field Edit Surveys; W: Non-NOS Hydrographic Surveys.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.datatracker.ietf.org RFC and Internet-Draft Search Use datatracker.ietf.org to search for Internet-Drafts and RFCsThese data inform the public of the most recent stock status for all stocks (FSSI and non-FSSI) in the fishery management unit contained in a fishery managment plan. Stock status includes overfishing, overfished, and approaching overfished condition; for FSSI stocks B/Bmsy estimates and FSSI scor are also included. Files are in PDF format and are posted quarterly on the Office of Sustainable Fisheries website. The FSSI is a performance measure for the sustainability of 230 US fish stocks selected for their importance to commercial and recreational fisheries, and their ability to be assessed. The FSSI will increase as stock status becomes known, overfishing has ended, and stocks increase to a level that provides maximum sustainable yield. B/Bmsy is a measure of current stock biomass relative to the target biomass level (the biomass that produces maximum sustainable yield, or MSY). FSSI scores are updated quarterly and are available from 2005 to present. Data are derived from data entered in the Species Informaiton System (SIS) database, maintained by the Office of Science and Technology.Weather-related newspaper articles and photos, almost exclusively from Baltimore, MD and nearby areas. Includes storm damage, rainfall reports, and weather's affect on crops. Period of record 1883-1998 (bulk 1910-1948).Description of volcanic geysers, fumaroles, and hot springs.Description of seismograms and how they are produced by drum recorders and electronic instruments with real-time seismograms for Northern California and Long Valley, California and representative seismograms for types of earthquake activity.WMSChemical oceanographic data were collected aboard the RYAN CHOUEST in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-08-27 to 2010-09-01 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH) and fluorescence. The instruments used to collect these data included fluorometer and gas chromatograph along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. The Hydrocarbon Sensor Array data are raw and provisional. (NODC Accession 0084588)Reson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected from 23 June to 19 July 2006 aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) at Kure Atoll, Pearl and Hermes Atoll, and Kaua'i Island in the Central Pacific during cruise HI-06-09. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time using tide zoning and predicted tides supplied by NOAA's National Ocean Service Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS). At Kure Atoll, Sand Island (1619910) predicted tides were used in zone HI48. At Pearl and Hermes Atoll, Sand Island (1619910) predicted tides were used in zones HI46 and HI47. At Kauai Island, Nawiliwili (1611400) predicted tides were used in zones HI137, HI138, and HI139. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 10 - 300 m. The AHI was deployed from the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai and concurrent mapping was done using the Simrad EM300 and EM3002D sonars aboard the ship; metadata for HI-06-09 are submitted separately.This Nutrients National Synthesis Project site on the U.S. study of nutrients, especially nitrogen and phosphorus, as contaminants in high concentrations links to an overview, study team, featured reports, publications, and national datasets.WMSWMSLibrary Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Diverse geoscientific and biological data collected in anticipation of ecological, land-management, and mineral resource-related problems.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A continuous ice core analytical system was used to analyze the ~300 m ACT11D ice core collected in summer 2011 near the Raven Training site(Dye 2) in SW Greenland. The core was analyzed for a broad range of elements and chemical species.LEOs Spanisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Spanisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Spanischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.The USGS Biodiversity Information Serving Our Nation (BISON) project is an online mapping information system consisting of a large collection of species occurrence datasets (e.g., plants and animals) found in the United States and relevant geospatial layers. Species occurrences are records of organisms at a particular time and location that are often collected as part of biological field studies and taxonomic collections. These data serve as a foundation for biodiversity and conservation research.N/ANOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is building high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) for select U.S. coastal regions. These integrated bathymetric-topographic DEMs are used to support tsunami forecasting and modeling efforts at the NOAA Center for Tsunami Research, Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory (PMEL). The DEMs are part of the tsunami forecast system SIFT (Short-term Inundation Forecasting for Tsunamis) currently being developed by PMEL for the NOAA Tsunami Warning Centers, and are used in the MOST (Method of Splitting Tsunami) model developed by PMEL to simulate tsunami generation, propagation, and inundation. Bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data used in DEM compilation are obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. National Ocean Service (NOS), the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to the vertical tidal datum of Mean High Water (MHW) and horizontal datum of World Geodetic System 1984 (WGS84). Cell size ranges from 1/3 arc-second (~10 meters) to 36 arc-seconds (~1 km). DEMs built by PMEL's NOAA Center for Tsunami Research (formerly NOAA Center for Tsunami Inundation Mapping Efforts) are available for download from the web site.The Protected Areas Database of the United States (PAD-US) is a geodatabase, managed by U. S. Geological Survey Gap Analysis Program, that illustrates and describes public land ownership, management and other conservation lands, including voluntarily provided privately protected areas. The geodatabase contains four feature classes such as, Marine Protected Areas (MPA) and Easements that each contains uniquely associated attributes. These two feature classes are combined with the PAD-US Fee feature class to provide a full inventory of protected areas in a common schema (i.e. Combined file). Legitimate and other protected area overlaps exist in the full inventory, with Easements loaded on top of Fee and MPAs under both. Parcel data within a protected area are dissolved in this file that powers the PAD-US Viewer. As overlaps exist, GAP creates separate analytical layers to summarize area statistics for "GAP Status Code" and "Owner Name". Contact the PAD-US Coordinator for more information. The lands included in PAD-US are assigned conservation measures that qualify their intent to manage lands for the preservation of biological diversity and to other natural, recreational and cultural uses; managed for these purposes through legal or other effective means. The geodatabase includes: 1) Geographic boundaries of public land ownership and voluntarily provided private conservation lands (e.g., Nature Conservancy Preserves); 2) The combination land owner, land manager, management designation or type, parcel name, GIS Acres and source of geographic information of each mapped land unit 3) GAP Status Code conservation measure of each parcel based on USGS National Gap Analysis Program (GAP) protection level categories which provide a measurement of management intent for long-term biodiversity conservation 4) IUCN category for a protected area's inclusion into UNEP-World Conservation Monitoring Centre's World Database for Protected Areas. IUCN protected areas are defined as, "A clearly defined geographical space, recognized, dedicated and managed, through legal or other effective means, to achieve the long-term conservation of nature with associated ecosystem services and cultural values" and are categorized following a classification scheme available through USGS GAP; 5) World Database of Protected Areas (WDPA) Site Codes linking the multiple parcels of a single protected area in PAD-US and connecting them to the Global Community. The geodatabase contains a Marine Protected Area (MPA) feature class and Easements feature class, each with uniquely associated attribute. These two feature classes are combined with the PAD-US fee feature class with standard PAD-US attributes to provide a full inventory of protected areas in a common schema. As legitimate and other overlaps exist in the combined inventory GAP creates separate analytical layers to obtain area statistics for "GAP Status Code" and "Owner Name". PAD-US version 1.3 Combined updates include: 1) State, local government and private protected area updates delivered September 2011 from PAD-US State Data Stewards: CO (Colorado State University), FL (Florida Natural Areas Inventory), ID (Idaho Fish and Game), MA (The Commonwealth's Office of Geographic Information Systems, MassGIS), MO (University of Missouri, MoRAP), MT (Montana Natural Heritage Program), NM (Natural Heritage New Mexico), OR (Oregon Natural Heritage Program), VA (Department of Conservation and Recreation, Virginia Natural Heritage Program). 2) Select local government (i.e. county, city) protected areas (3,632) across the country (to complement the current PAD-US inventory) aggregated by the Trust for Public Land (TPL) for their Conservation Almanac that tracks the conservation finance movement across the country. 3) A new Date of Establishment field that identifies the year an area was designated or otherwise protected, attributed for 86% of GAP Status Code 1 and 2 protected areas. Additional dates will be provided in future updates. 4) A national wilderness area update from wilderness.net 5) The Access field that describes public access to protected areas as defined by data stewards or categorical assignment by Primary Designation Type. . The new Access Source field documents local vs. categorical assignments. See the PAD-US Standard Manual for more information: gapanalysis.usgs.gov/padus 6) The transfer of conservation measures (i.e. GAP Status Codes, IUCN Categories) and documentation (i.e. GAP Code Source, GAP Code Date) from PAD-US version 1.2 or categorical assignments (see PAD-US Standard) when not provided by data stewards 7) Integration of non-sensitive National Conservation Easement Database (NCED) easements from August 2011, July 2012 with PAD-US version 1.2 easements. Duplicates were removed, unless 'Stacked' = Y and multiple easements exist. 8) Unique ID's transferred from NCED or requested for new easements. NCED and PAD-US are linked via Source UID in the PAD-US version 1.3 Easement feature class. 9) Official (member and eligible) MPAs from the NOAA MPA Inventory (March 2011, http://marineprotectedareas.noaa.gov/) translated into the PAD-US schema with conservation measures transferred from PAD-US version 1.2 or categorically assigned to new protected areas. Contact the PAD-US Coordinator for documentation of categorical GAP Status Code assignments for MPAs. 10) Identified MPA records that overlap existing protected areas in the PAD-US Fee feature class (i.e. PADUS Overlap field in MPA feature class). For example, many National Wildlife Refuges and National Parks are also MPAs and are represented in the PAD-US MPA and Fee feature classes.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemNAMIC (en)Dataset shows dives made by a Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) or an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) from the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer during expeditions from 2010 to the present time. These expeditions were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research.OpenStreetMap Search Search for a place in OpenStreetMap, the Wiki World MapThis map layer portrays our current understanding of the distributions of United States and Canadian bat species during the past 100-150 years. The specimen and capture data were obtained from a variety of data sources, including U.S. State natural heritage programs, Canadian conservation data centres, published literature, unpublished reports, museum collections, and personal communications from university, federal, State and local biologists. Records are all specimen, roost, capture, or positive visual identification-based; no acoustic-only identifications were used for this map layer.File 100-022b is a 60-m ASCII grid of depth data collected near 1955 Eruption Site & Seamount in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as of May 2003. This grid has been produced as part of the "Bathymetric Atlas of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands -- A Planning Document for Benthic Habitat Mapping -- Draft -- May 2003. Data sources for the downloadable grids include: multibeam bathymetry from Simrad EM1002 and EM120 sonars aboard the R/V Kilo Moana collected in October/November 2003; multibeam bathymetry data from a SeaBeam 210 sonar aboard the R/V Kai'imikai-O-Kanaloa collected in 2000-2002; LIDAR data obtained using the LADS MK II lidar system; and depth data derived from IKONOS satellite imagery. No tidal corrections have been applied to the data. The data source location for each type of data is indicated in the "dot plot" browse objects. Additional single-beam bathymetric data are available in this area and are indicated on the 100-022b Plot C browse object, but these less accurate depths are not included in the downloadable grid. Multibeam data were processed using SABER editing software and MBSystem and multibeam, LIDAR and IKONOS data were integrated using MBSystem, and GMT. Grid spacing is 60-m, horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation.This file is released in support of the Redistricting Data (P.L. 94-171) Summary File. The shapefiles represent geographic linear features as of January 1, 2010. The files also contain attribute information about these features, such as names, the type of feature, the geographic relationship to other features, and other related information. The 2010 Redistricting Shapefiles include data for all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. This file is only provided for the State of Arkansas.This file is comprised of the variation one minute values of the geomagnetic components X, Y and Z. These data were calculated by the Air Force Geophysics Laboratory magnetometer network during the years 1978-1983. The values are variation values and should not be used in looking at absolute values of the geomagnetic components.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.CC Wiki (en)These files contain topographic lidar data collected by the CHARTS system in Saipan, CNMI. This file contains both first and lastreturns. The data points representing bare earth have been classified as such using TerraScan. Classification values are:Class 1: UnclassifiedClass 2: GroundUnderwater archaeologists, led by James Adovasio and Andy Hemmings of Mercyhurst College, dove at four sites that were first visited in 2009. At these locations, electronically documented intact river channel features of the Pleistocene Suwannee River are now filled with multiple layers of sediment. These sites are covered by 40 to 130 feet of ocean water and are located 50 to 125 miles offshore of the modern Gulf Coast of Florida northwest of Tampa or southeast of Tallahassee. The three shallower sites have bedrock exposed on the seafloor that forms one side of the buried channel. The bedrock at each of these sites is low grade knappable toolstone that could have been used for tool making. The deepest site, Thor?s Elbow, is the intersection of the ancient Suwannee and another river where they expected to find more knappable bedrock buried under the modern surface. At each of these sites divers hoped to locate prehistoric human made artifacts, bones of Pleistocene animals, such as the mastodon, and perhaps datable organic material such as pieces of wood. Any such finds would indicate that the now inundated Pleistocene landscape of Florida in the Gulf of Mexico is still preserved, accessible to archaeologists, and contains prehistoric evidence of the use of this landscape by people and animals alive at the end of the last Ice Age.WMSCaseRe3 CaseRe3 DSpace repositoryThis image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the north shore of Buck Island, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. Within CARIS, each line of backscatter data was evaluated for bottom tracking and was slant-range corrected. Data was not corrected for gain or transmit power artifacts. Backscatter mosaics were then created using the CARIS shine-through option. Finally, a georeferenced imagery file was exported from the mosaic. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 5m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.These images are part of a project funded by NOAA Coastal Services Center to develop a high quality, user-friendly, attributed, centralized, multi-territorial digital database of georeferenced historic aerial imagery in the Pacific Islands region, including Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The objective of this project is to make previously unavailable historic aerial imagery of the Pacific Islands available for public consumption through NOAA's Digital Coast website. These images were scanned on a flatbed scanner and georeferenced to existing basemap data.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The Area Hydrography Shapefile contains the geometry and attributes of both perennial and intermittent area hydrography features, including ponds, lakes, oceans, swamps (up to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit), glaciers, and the area covered by large rivers, streams, and/or canals that are represented as double-line drainage. Single-line drainage water features can be found in the Linear Hydrography Shapefile (LINEARWATER.shp). Linear water features includes single-line drainage water features and artificial path features, where they exist, that run through double-line drainage features such as rivers, streams, and/or canals, and serve as a linear representation of these features.UAF Geospatial metadata search.The US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the TurboWin+ program and structures data in the IMMT-5 format.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis collection of downloadable files and web services contain the geologic map information used to publish U.S. Geological Survey Open-File Report 2007-1089 (Sherrod and others, 2007). This geologic map shows the distribution and stratigraphic relation of volcanic, intrusive, and sedimentary units emplaced in the past 8 million years across the eight principal islands of the Hawaiian archipelago, State of Hawaii, U.S.A. This geologic map is available in several formats including: ESRI Service, WMS, geosciml-portrayal WFS, geodatabase (native mapinfo files), shapefiles, geodatabase (e00 export files), or as downloadable plates (pdfs) from the USGS landing page (see "USGS Publications - Geologic Map of Hawaii and related links" link on the left side of the page). On the USGS landing page, the State's geology is presented on eight full-color map sheets, one for each of the major islands. These map sheets can be downloaded in pdf format, ready to print. Map scale is 1:100,000 for most of the islands, so that each map is about 27 inches by 36 inches. The Island of Hawaii, largest of the islands, is depicted at a smaller scale, 1:250,000, so that it, too, can be shown on 36-inch-wide paper. Both the WMS and WFS services and the USGS maps are based on the same dataset published by Sherrod, et al 2007, and are distributed by the USGS and University of Hawaii. Services are being provided by the Arizona Geological Survey.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe NOAA/NOS and USCGS Seabed Descriptions from Hydrographic Surveys database is a compilation of surficial sediment composition from multiple sources for over 200,000 seafloor sediment samples primarily around U.S. coastal areas. The descriptions were abstracted from unpublished data reports and Bottom Type "M" log sheets, and digitized from survey smooth sheets produced by the NOAA National Ocean Service (NOS) and its predecessor, the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey (USCGS). Prior to August 2001, many physical sediment samples were routinely sent to the Smithsonian Institution Museum of Natural History (NMNH) for archive with accompanying "M" log forms from which bottom type and other information were coded into the NMNH sediment database. In 2001, NMNH sent a copy of the database to NGDC to be incorporated into the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples database, and for distribution to data users needing access to the bottom type information in the files. With support from NOS, NGDC digitized several thousand additional bottom type observations from historic NOS Hydrographic Survey smooth sheets and added them to the database. NOS is coding thousands more bottom type observations for entry into the database from survey Data Reports, or DRs. In 2011, NOS began adding standardized digital bottom type descriptions to the database using the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) SF57 standard "NATSUR" (nature of surface) and "NATQUA" (nature of surface qualifier) coding scheme, transferring the data to NGDC in KML form for archive and upload to the geospatially-enabled database. Hydrographic Technical Directive (HTD)2011-6 contains the official new directive. Data are free for online search and download.The Distromet disdrometer (model RD-80) measures the character and amount of liquid precipitation and is located next to the tipping bucket rain gauge. The main purpose of the disdrometer is to measure drop size distribution, which it captures over 20 size classes from 0.3mm to 5.4mm, and to determine rain rate. Disdrometer results can also be used to infer several properties including drop number density, radar reflectivity, liquid water content, and energy flux.Die InForMe Business Software besteht aus 3 Grundbausteinen. Einer App f r Ihre Kunden, einer f r Ihr Personal und einer PC-Software f r die Steuerung Ihrer Marketing-Aktionen.Atlassian JIRA Search ProviderA literature synthesis and annotated bibliography focus on North America and on refereed journals. Additional references include a selection of citations on bat ecology, international research on bats and wind energy, and unpublished reports.Homepage for Earth Surface Processes Team with research studies in two general categories: climate change and geologic mapping. Links to research activities, available data sets, workshop, and programs.Homepage for the Biochemistry and Physiology Branch in Columbia, MO, which develops analytical techniques (cell bioassay/immunoassay) on toxicity related to fish and wildlife; and conducts research in microbiology and physiology.This dataset (MISC_0_3M_CLR_2008) includes truecolor ortho imagery covering an area north and south of the VT/Canadian border. VCGI extracted the imagery from a larger dataset developed by 3001 Inc for the Federal government. The MISC_0_3M_CLR_2008 extract is limited to all collected imagery north and south of the VT/Canadian border. The imagery has been kept in its native coordinate system (UTM zone 18 and 19). For this dataset, the natural color orthoimages were produced at 0.3-meter pixel resolution (approximately 1-foot). The design accuracy is estimated not to exceed 6 meter horizontal RMSE for locations within the United States. Each orthoimage provides imagery for a 1500-meter by 1500-meter block on the ground. The projected coordinate system is UTM with a NAD83 datum, spheroid GRS80. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The naming convention is based on the U.S. National Grid (USNG), taking the coordinates of the SW corner of the orthoimage.The USGS collects continuous stage, discharge, and other instantaneous time-series data on the nations rivers. This Archive provides streamflow data and historical data, often several years worth.Five seamounts (Denson, Dickins, Pratt, Welker and Giacomini) in the Gulf of Alaska that had not previously been observed by manned submersible or ROV were thoroughly mapped with multi-beaming and their fauna explored by a scientific party of 25 participating in the 2004 Gulf of Alaska Seamount Expedition. An estimated 43 coral species and 21 sponge species were collected and identified from 17 dives made by the DSV ALVIN on 5 seamounts. A large number of coral specimens were processed and packaged and sent the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution upon disembarkation. Faunal assemblages on the corals included species from 12 different phyla and a large number (hundreds) of lesser taxa. Many of these species represent significant range extensions or records of undescribed species, but await post-cruise processing for identification and clarification. Plasma and tissue samples for genetic and physiological examination were collected from >120 crab specimens belonging to a number of species; tissue samples were collected from >130 shrimp for genetic studies. Samples of 62 coral specimens (22 bamboo, 15 paragorgid, 19 primnoid, 7 black, 23 other), 13 sponge specimens, and 36 water samples were collected for genomic studies of bacterial communities. 58 basaltic rocks were collected for geological studies and 4 rocks were collected for microbiological studies. Detailed mapping of the study area resulted in 14081 km2 of seamounts multibeamed, plus 9000 km2 of seafloor mapped while in transit, equaling 23081 km2 of total seafloor mapped. Education and outreach activities associated with the 2004 Gulf of Alaska Seamount Expedition were extensive, and included an NOAA Ocean Explorer Web site; lesson plans; a Professional Development Institutes (PDI) for Educators; 5 interactive satellite telephone calls to schools or institutes, which included conversations with scientists in situ aboard the Alvin; an Educator at Sea (Carey DeLauder, UCAP Science Teacher); nine undergradute and graduate students, a Dean John A. Knauss Sea Grant Fellow (Nicholas Alvarado), and a MATE Intern (Shinobu Okano) participated in the cruise; and, a media event at the termination of the cruise was held in Astoria, Oregon for public school teachers, newspaper, radio and television reporters. All aspects of the cruise were well documented, and all dives were designed to be multipurpose and collect data for all participants. The cruise was a resounding success and will produce a multitude of scientific discoveries.Marine Themes comprises authoritative data from the UK and other hydrographic offices, where available. Each dataset uses the largest scale of data available for a particular feature and scale range, derived either from the production Electronic Navigational Charts (ENCs) or from the original source. The dataset is supplied as individual themed layers corresponding to important marine features required for general situation awareness, planning, site selection and investigation and outline engineering design.WMSIdentification of epiphytes (plants obtaining moisture and nutrients from the air and rain and usually living on another plant) on seaweed in Tampa Bay, Florida. Abstract of symposium presentation with photos.The National Ocean Service (NOS) maintains a long-term database containing a listing of active stations that are installed all over the United States and U.S. territories. Water Levels observations, coastal currents and other meteorological and oceanographic data are monitored from a network of over 200 permanent, continuously operating stations and from numerous stations operated for short-term and long-term projects. Stations are configured for a variety of observation periods, depending upon the location. For some stations, records date back to the late 1800s. Observed water level, ancillary and meteorological values are disseminated primarily at six minute increments. In addition, some stations provide real-time data for planning and emergency situations. The observed values are processed, stored and distributed over a wide variety of applications. The products are distributed on either hard copy, floppy disk, CD, or over the web and include the following: Active Station Lists , Tide Observation , Wind data , Air Temperature data , Water Temperature data , Barometric Pressure data , Conductivity data , Humidity data , Air Gap data , Currents data , Other Meteorological and or ancillary data.The ENC_General map service displays data compiled for ENC products with a scale range of 1:600,001 and 1:1,500,000. The ENC data used within this application will be updated weekly. This map service is not intended for navigation purpose.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on bay, delta, and estuarine ecosystemsThe Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunications System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP)and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT).The European Federation of Cinematographers The main purpose of the Federation is to champion and uphold the high standards achieved by the Cinematography Profession, and via a constant exchange of experience to promote the spread of that highly-specialised culture on which the long-standing technical and artistic quality of the European Cinema industry is firmly based.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Forest ecosystemsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Doxygen SearchPrograms of the Aquatic Ecology Branch on landscape ecology and GIS, molecular genetics, environmental contaminants, stream ecology, and other aspects of aquatic ecology in eastern United States.The Get Lucky 7K and half marathon races are a fun, irish themed race which cover both Minneapolis and St. Paul.Bathymetry of Lake Huron has been compiled as a component of a NOAA project to rescue Great Lakes lake floor geological and geophysical data and make it more accessible. This project is a cooperative effort between investigators at the NOAA National Geophysical Data Center's Marine Geology and Geophysics Division (NGDC/MGG), the NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory (GLERL) and the Canadian Hydrographic Service(CHS). Bathymetric data have been collected from the Great Lakes in support of nautical charting for at least 150 years by the US Army Corp. of Engineers (before 1970), the NOAA National Ocean Service (NOS)(after 1970), and the Canadian Hydrographic Service.WMSLinks to USGS publications, bibliographies, and maps on radon in the U.S., plus links to non-USGS sites with information on radon.This GIS shapefile data illustrates reinvestment centers included in the Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan Vision. Reinvestment centers highlight communities that already serve as anchors for surrounding areas, or could serve as anchors in the future. Centers were determined based upon a combination of land use density and functional characteristics such as regional location and links to major transportation corridors. Example centers serve to illustrate reinvestment opportunity areas derived through discussions with local officials, as well as qualitative and quantitative analysis, but do not comprise an exhaustive list. Many rural communities do not appear on the map. The Louisiana Speaks Regional Planning process study area includes the 35 southernmost parishes of Louisiana.Streamflow statistics and basin characteristics for most streams in specific US states using the Streamstats program. Data for areas can be selected from interactive maps and by an automated process. Includes a tutorial.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This dataset contains points which represent the locations of all Ambulance Services in the State of Arkansas. The compilation of this data is a collaborative effort between the Arkansas Geographic Information Office and the Arkansas Department of Health (ADH) to build a comprehensive geographic database of Ambulance Services as a component of the National Electronic Disease Surveillance System (NEDSS). The Ambulance Services form a sub-component of the existing CDC Bioterrorism plan that involves the visualization application for disease detection and surveillance. A visual aid of ambulance locations overlaid on current digital aerial photography, associated road names, and landmarks, were produced to representatives of ADH to confirm the accuracy of the location.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.WMSN/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Federal Communications Commission (FCC) cellular market areas for North Dakota. From the FCC Web site: "The Cellular Market Areas (CMAs) were created from the 1980 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) defined by the Office of Management and Budget (1-305), the Gulf of Mexico (306), and Rural Service Areas (RSAs) established by the FCC which do not cross state borders (307-734). These RSAs include Puerto Rico (723-729), U.S. Virgin Islands (730-731), Guam (732), American Samoa (733), and Northern Mariana Islands (734) ."USGS water resources home page for Iowa with links to hydrologic studies and real-time and historical data on floods, streamflow, ground and surface water, sediment, precipitation, and water quality plus news releases, publications and contacts.Report: Armstrong, EJ. 1978. Cruise Report for Project 78/02, Legs 1-3. North Sea Gravity Survey. (IGS Report No 90) Armstrong, EJ. 1978. Cruise Report for Project 78/02, Legs 4-7. North Sea Gravity Survey. (IGS Report No 93)Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this statePortal for links to United State water resources maps and geographic information systems (GIS) data for the United States for viewing or downloading.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This template is a compilation of seismic event hypocenter data provided by the Pennsylvania Department for Natural Resources for the National Geothermal Data System. The document contains 9 worksheets, including information about the template, notes related to revisions of the template and resource provider information. Data for 46 records of seismic activity for dates 1971 - 2001 are included. Fields in the data table include Magnitude, Magnitude Type, Related Fault, Methodology, and Related Resources, among others.GNUpdf (en)This data set consists of one-foot pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 6 sites at Rota Island in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) in September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES03-07). Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Part B of a complex report on the results of geochemical analysis of 75 shale samples from the Los Angeles, Ventura, and San Joaquin Basins to gather observations relevant to exploration regarding the formation of oil deposits in these basins.In December 1988 and July 1989, samples were collected at Confederate Reef and at Galveston Island State Park to assess an oyster reef and adjacent areas as nursery habitat for juveniles of economically important penaeid shrimp, blue crabs, stone crab, and fishes. Reef and marsh habitats generally had significantly higher numbers than bare mud habitat. Differences in utilization patterns were apparent among species.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.General characteristics of this invasive freshwater mollusk, focusing on how we monitor its presence and migration through this region.Search the Purdue University Libraries Catalog.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the Mozilla Support Knowledge Base and Support Forum.Maps and text (Word or PDF format) and database (Excel or HTML format) for bedrock, forest floor, and mineral soil sampling in Voyageurs National Park, Minnesota to establish the background and baseline geochemistry and terrestrial mercury sources.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summary of part of the USGS interdivisional Mississippi Basin Carbon project that will study the changes in climate and the environment through carbon cycle changes recorded in lake sediments in the Upper Mississippi River Basin.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Chemical, physical, profile and underway oceanographic data were collected aboard the GORDON GUNTER in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-05-27 to 2010-06-04 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, conductivity, current speed - east/west component (U), current speed - north/south component (V), dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included ADCP, CTD, bathythermograph - XBT, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler ADCP used sonar to measure and record water current velocities and the distribution of suspended material over a range of depths. Absolute U- and V-component ocean current vectors from the ADCP collected can be used to create detailed maps of the distribution of water currents and suspended materials through the water column along the ship's path. The data from this ADCP is raw and unprocessed. Some of the datasets associated with this instrument are still incomplete and will be published as they become available. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069067)Search digital newspaper content from the Library of CongressThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationBIIACS BIIACS DSpace repositoryThis map sheet with accompanying Geographic Information System (GIS) project is an update of the existing U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Conterminous U.S. Coal Fields map compiled using data primarily from the USGS National Coal Resource Assessment (NCRA).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSData from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpC3Bio - The power of plants to power the world321 observed gravity values with free-air, simple Bouguer, and complete Bouguer anomaly values; high-precision relative-gravity surveys repeated over time, useful for aquifer-storage-change monitoring; and absolute gravity values for use as base stations.Webpage on research on sea otters (Euhydra lutris) in the nearshore environment of the eastern Pacific Ocean with information on status of otters on the coast of Alaska, Washington, and California and link to fact sheet in PDF format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Leeds University LibraryThe Office of Coast Survey's Wrecks and Obstructions database contains information on the identified submerged wrecks and obstructions within the U.S. maritime boundaries. The data includes the position of each feature (latitude and longitude) along with a brief description. Information to populate the database comes from what is currently available on the electronic navigational chart (ENC) and Coast Survey's Automated Wrecks and Obstructions Information System (AWOIS) database.Search the Debian website.This data set contains boundaries for municipal areas in coastal Louisiana. Feature-specific contact, type, and source information are stored in relational data tables (described below) designed to be used in conjunction with this spatial data layer. This data set comprises a portion of the Gulf-Wide Information System (G-WIS) database for the entire coastal zone of Louisiana. The G-WIS data include three main components: shoreline habitats, sensitive biological resources, and human-use resources.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Canary Database News Search Canary Database News - Updates from the canarydatabase.org teamArticle on ozone layer and ozone as a pollutant from the weekly newsletter Volcano Watch (Hawaiian Volcano Observatory) for August 20, 2001.Baseline (1961-1990) average summer temperature in and projected change in temperature for for the northern portion of Alaska. For the purposes of these maps, 'summer' is defined as June - August. The Alaska portion of the Arctic LCC's terrestrial boundary is depicted by the black line. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS3.1 data and downscaled to 2km grids; results for the other time periods (2010-2039, 2040-2069, 2070-2099) are based on the SNAP 5-GCM composite using the AR5-RCP 6.0, downscaled to 2km grids.Homepage of the Land Processes DAAC, which processes, archives, and distributes land-related data collected by Earth Observing System (EOS) sensors. Links to data products including ETM+ Landsat data, ASTER data, and MODIS land products.This hillshade was generated from elevation model delivered with the 2006 ADOP (Arkansas Digital Ortho Program) products.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Aerial photographs were acquired for the Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands Benthic Mapping Project in 1999 by NOAA Aircraft Operation Centers aircraft and National Geodetic Survey cameras and personnel. Approximately 600, color, 9 by 9 inch photos were taken of the coastal waters of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands at 1:48000 scale. Specific sun angle and maximum percent cloud cover restrictions were adhered to when possible during photography missions to ensure collection of high quality imagery for the purpose of benthic mapping.Prints and diapositives were created from the original negatives. Diapositives were then scanned at a resolution of 500 dpi using a metric scanner, yielding 2.4 by 2.4 meter pixels for the 1:48000 scale photography. All scans were saved in TIF format for the purposes of orthorectification and photointerpretation. Original TIF's were also converted to *.jpg format to reduce file size and facilitate web-based image distribution. Images are currently available in jpeg format for download at 72, 150, and 500 dpi resolution. Historical images are available for some locations.Tripod-mounted lidar makes it inexpensive and efficient to measure and map geographic features that change with time, such as sand dunes and erosional features, and soil microtopography.Instructions on how to build a protective outdoor seismic vault used as stations for broadband seismic sensors that respond to seismic energy, temperature, and atmospheric pressure for the United States National Seismic Network in PDF format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.In order for the state of Idaho to utilize temperature criteria to protect various stream uses, such as spawning, the state is required to designate when and where spawning may occur. While Idaho previously has some waters designated for salmonid spawning in its water quality standards, many other waters where salmonids may or do spawn remain undesignated. This data takes the Idaho 305(b) streams and determines which portions of them are possible salmonid spawning areas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Die InForMe Business Software besteht aus 3 Grundbausteinen. Einer App f r Ihre Kunden, einer f r Ihr Personal und einer PC-Software f r die Steuerung Ihrer Marketing-Aktionen.WMSThese data were collected for the Government of Guam Department of Public Works and the Government of Guam Office of Homeland Security from February 18 through May 20, 2007. The data contained in these files contain topographic data collected by the CHARTS system. The data points representing bare earth have been classified as such using TerraScan. The topographic lidar was collected across the island of Guam to produce 2 foot contours and bathymetric lidar was collected to fill the areas where no data were obtained during previous survey efforts. The bathymetric lidar data were collected from the land/water interface seaward to a depth of 40 meters or laser extinction, whichever came first. This is a classified data set. Classification values are: Class 1: Unclassified Class 2: Ground Class 11: Water The data contain both first and last return lidar data. The topographic lidar data are vertically referenced to Mean Sea Level (MSL) and the bathymetric lidar data are referenced to Mean Lower Low Water (MLLW).SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Ethics and Society Search Ethics and Society - Ethical analysis and news from the Fordham University Center for Ethics EducationSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.As the leading ocean agency, and as per the Guidelines for Research, Exploration and Salvage of RMS Titanic, issued under the authority of the RMS Titanic Maritime Act of 1986, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency (NOAA) has a vested interest in the appropriate treatment and preservation of the Titanic wreck site. NOAA supports continual scientific research of the wreck for the sake of advancing knowledge of in situ preservation and degradation rate. Throughout its endeavors with Titanic, NOAA intends to promote full participation with other federal agencies, and academic and research institutions with respect to exploration and research of the wreck site. An eleven-day cruise to the Titanic wreck site will be conducted aboard the Russian science vessel R/V Akademik Mstislav Keldysh in conjunction with Deep Ocean Expeditions (DOE). A majority of the cruise time will be allocated to Jim Cameron?s staff for filming purposes. However, NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration (OE) has acquired two days of operation time with use of the vessel?s MIR submersibles.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 5 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of the north shore of St. Croix (Buck Island), US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationGNU MediaGoblin Wiki (en)Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWATCH meteorological forcing data methodology applied to ERA-Interim data over land merged with ERA-Interim raw data over the oceanAirborne electromagnetic surveying is used to estimate the character of the permafrost by measuring and monitoring the electrical resistivity, which is affected by lithology, temperature, water, and ice.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The State of Hawaii Planning Office contracted the Airborne 1 Corporation to collect, process and deliver several areas in Hawaii in the later part of 2005. 3,000 acres of the Kilauea Crater was proposed but nearly 8,154 acres were collected. As metadata was not delivered to the customer, this report of metadata for this data was derived directly from the data or inferred using the cost proposal Airborne 1 proposed.WMSThe National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP) acquires imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of digital orthophotography within a year of acquisition. This status map provides imagery acquisition status, imagery inspection status, NAIP planned coverage for the year, band type, contractors acquiring the imagery, camera types, and flight seasons. Attribute information for individual layers in the map can be accessed by turning the layer on and clicking on the map.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Chapter of Field Manual of Wildlife Diseases on miscellaneous fungi with information on fungal skin and subcutaneous lesions or mycosis primarily in birds.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on invasive organismsCongressional Districts are the 435 areas from which people are elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. After the apportionment of congressional seats among the States based on census population counts, each State is responsible for establishing congressional districts for the purpose of electing representatives. Each congressional district is to be as equal in population to all other congressional districts in a State as practicable. The 114th Congress is seated from January 2015 to 2017. The TIGER/Line shapefiles for the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas (American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) each contain a single record for the non-voting delegate district in these areas. The boundaries of all other congressional districts are provided to the Census Bureau through the Redistricting Data Program (RDP).Imagery, sampling information, and other data intended for use in assessing and remediating environmental problems related to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010We assembled 1.4 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings from 98 lead-line and single-beam echosounder hydrographic surveys conducted from 1910 to 1999 in Cook Inlet, Alaska. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. There were six areas where these older surveys were superseded by compilations of reduced-resolution multibeam surveys. We digitized 12,000 features, such as rocky reefs, kelp beds, rocks and islets, adding them to what was originally available, and creating the most thorough source (n = 18,000) of these typically shallow, inshore features. We also digitized 2,418 km of the mainland and 529 km of island shoreline, generally at a resolution of 1:20,000, and digitized 9,271 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets. The depth surface, shoreline, inshore features, and sediment data sets are mostly produced at a scale of 1:20,000.This feature class represents sewer line nodes at Pipe Spring National Monument, Arizona. The data were collected using Trimble Global Positioning System (GPS) units or digitized based on GPS data when necessary. This data is not to be used for measurements for digging or other land modifications projects. Utilities were not visible when this data was created, so locations are approximate.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Explains the effects of the interaction of hydrologic and biological processes on agricultural chemicals in various environments.A first surface/bare earth elevation map (also known as a Digital Elevation Model, or DEM) of the Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve in Louisiana was produced from remotely sensed, geographically referenced elevation measurements cooperatively by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Park Service (NPS), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Elevation measurements were collected over the area using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed-laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation, vegetation canopy, and coastal topography. The system uses high frequency laser beams directed at the Earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the target area at approximately 50 meters per second at an elevation of approximately 300 meters. The EAARL, developed by NASA at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of 15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kilohertz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation dataset. Over 100 kilometers of coastline can be easily surveyed within a 3- to 4-hour mission. When subsequent elevation maps for an area are analyzed, they provide a useful tool to make management decisions regarding land development. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .This project merged recently collected topographic, bathymetric, and acoustic elevation data along the entire California coastline from approximately the 10 meter elevation contour out to California's 3 mile state water's boundary.Topographic LiDAR:The topographic lidar data used in this merged project was the 2009-2011 CA Coastal Conservancy Lidar Project. The data were collected between October 2009 and August 2011. This collection was a joint effort by the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC); the California State Coastal Conservancy (SCC) Ocean Protection Council (OPC); Scripps Institution of Oceanography; and the Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX). The data coverage extends landward 500 m from the shoreline, along the entire California coastline. The LAS classifications are as follows: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise, 9-Water, 10- Mudflats, 12-Overlap. The LAS points were manually re-classified from water and unclassified to ground in offshore areas where necessary.Bathymetric LiDAR: The bathymetric lidar data used in this merged project was 2009-2010 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) lidar, provided by JALBTCX. The data were collected for the California Coastal Mapping Project (CCMP). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. The LAS data were classified as follows: 21-Non-submerged Bathymetry, 22-Bathymetry, 23-Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap.Multibeam Acoustic Data: The acoustic data data used in this merged project were provided by the California Seafloor Mapping Program (CSMP) Ocean Protection Council and NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. NOAA's VDatum software was used to vertically transform soundings from mean lower low water (MLLW) tidal datum to NAVD88 orthometric datum where necessary. The LAS data were classified as follows: 25-Submerged Acoustic, 26-Ignored Submerged Acoustic/Overlap.Upon receipt of the data, the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC) converted some of the classifications for data storage and Digital Coast provisioning purposes. The following are the classifications of data available from the NOAA Digital Coast: 1 - Unclassified, 2 - Ground, 7 - Low point (noise), 9 - Water, 11 - Bathymetry, 12 - Overlap, 13 - Submerged Acoustic, 14 - Non-Submerged Bathymetry, 15 - Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap, 16 - Ignored Submerged Acoustic/OverlapReview of the Global Change Hydrology Program components relating to hydroclimatology and studies of the biogeochemistry of greenhouse gases with links to research activities, datasets, fact sheets, and other publications and websites.Article from Wildlife Monographs no. 100 (1988) on the relationships of wetland habitat dynamics and life history to the breeding distributions of the various species of ducks with information on research methods and references.This GIS shapefile data illustrates new growth areas included in the Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan Vision. New growth areas include a mix of industrial, single family homes, townhomes, multifamily housing, and local shops that are accessible by transit service and roads. The Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan process study area includes the 35 southernmost parishes of Louisiana.A global data set of ocean distances from the nearest coastline. NASA's Ocean Color Group generated this data set using the Generic Mapping Tools (GMT) software package. Distances were computed with GMT using its intermediate-resolution coastline and then gridded globally at a spatial resolution of 0.04 degrees.FlyBase Wiki (en)Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Cadair - Aberystwyth University Open Access Repository Cadair - Aberystwyth University Open Access RepositoryJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemLions Talk Science Search Lions Talk Science - A Research Blog at Penn State College of MedicineSearch the current edition of the CatalogGridded bathymetry of the shelf and slope environments of Necker Island, Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, Hawaii, USA. This ASCII includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM1002 and Simrad EM120 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 1500 meters. The ASCII grid also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.This GIS shapefile data illustrates the primary and secondary transit corridors included in the Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan Vision. This network accommodates a land use pattern that focuses new growth along fixed transit corridors, links urban, city, and town centers, provides evacuation alternatives, and acts as a first line of defense against future storms. The network represents a balanced transportation network with investment in both roadways and transit. The routes are based on data from the Louisiana State Department of Transportation and Development (DOTD) Statewide Transportation Plan, projects from local Metropolitan Planning Organization Master Transportation Plans (MTP), the Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority (CPRA) Master Plan, and input from Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan workshops. The Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan process study area includes the 35 southernmost parishes of Louisiana.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during June 2013.SCCF RECON DataReson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected from 13 June-08 July 2005 aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) at Niihau, Penguin Bank, and Molokai in the Main Hawaiian Islands during cruise AHI-05-04. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time and observed tides were applied in postprocessing. Horizontal accuracy is 5m (differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 10 - 250 m. The AHI was deployed from the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai and concurrent mapping was done using Simrad EM300 and EM3002D sonars aboard the ship; metadata for HI-05-04 are submitted separately.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Census tracts are small, relatively permanent statistical subdivisions of a county or equivalent entity, and were defined by local participants as part of the 2010 Census Participant Statistical Areas Program. The Census Bureau delineated the census tracts in situations where no local participant existed or where all the potential participants declined to participate. The primary purpose of census tracts is to provide a stable set of geographic units for the presentation of census data and comparison back to previous decennial censuses. Census tracts generally have a population size between 1,200 and 8,000 people, with an optimum size of 4,000 people. When first delineated, census tracts were designed to be homogeneous with respect to population characteristics, economic status, and living conditions. The spatial size of census tracts varies widely depending on the density of settlement. Physical changes in street patterns caused by highway construction, new development, and so forth, may require boundary revisions. In addition, census tracts occasionally are split due to population growth, or combined as a result of substantial population decline. Census tract boundaries generally follow visible and identifiable features. They may follow legal boundaries such as minor civil division (MCD) or incorporated place boundaries in some States and situations to allow for census tract-to-governmental unit relationships where the governmental boundaries tend to remain unchanged between censuses. State and county boundaries always are census tract boundaries in the standard census geographic hierarchy. In a few rare instances, a census tract may consist of noncontiguous areas. These noncontiguous areas may occur where the census tracts are coextensive with all or parts of legal entities that are themselves noncontiguous. For the 2010 Census, the census tract code range of 9400 through 9499 was enforced for census tracts that include a majority American Indian population according to Census 2000 data and/or their area was primarily covered by federally recognized American Indian reservations and/or off-reservation trust lands; the code range 9800 through 9899 was enforced for those census tracts that contained little or no population and represented a relatively large special land use area such as a National Park, military installation, or a business/industrial park; and the code range 9900 through 9998 was enforced for those census tracts that contained only water area, no land area.Data.Illinois.gov | Open IllinoisDynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesConsistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.WMSSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Location, geologic characteristics, and commodities for 1,635 phosphate mines, deposits, or occurrences worldwideSearch The University of Manchester staff directorypostdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemIn advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The digital surface model represents percent canopy cover (between 0 and 1). Cover metric was computed in Fusion (McGaughey 2007), which assesses the percentage of total first returns within each cell that were returned from the canopy. For more specifics on Fusion Gridmetric outputs see the fusion manual (page 56).Search CrowdAskGlobal compilation of information on the sediment-hosted Pb-Zn deposits traditionally called sedimentary exhalative (SEDEX) and Mississippi Valley Type (MVT) deposits, including updated updated grade and tonnage data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. After each decennial census, the Census Bureau delineates urban areas that represent densely developed territory, encompassing residential, commercial, and other nonresidential urban land uses. In general, this territory consists of areas of high population density and urban land use resulting in a representation of the "urban footprint." There are two types of urban areas: urbanized areas (UAs) that contain 50,000 or more people and urban clusters (UCs) that contain at least 2,500 people, but fewer than 50,000 people (except in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam which each contain urban clusters with populations greater than 50,000). Each urban area is identified by a 5-character numeric census code that may contain leading zeroes.NCBO Wiki (en)Solid state detectors with pulse height discrimination measure proton, alpha-particle, and electron fluxes. E1 and I1 channels are responding primarily to trapped outer-zone particles. The I2 channel may occasionally respond to trapped particles during magnetically disturbed conditions. The remaining proton integrals measure fluxes originating outside the magnetosphere from the Sun or the heart of the Galaxy.Users of GOES particle data should be aware that significant secondary responses may exist in the particle data, i.e. responses from other particles and energies and from directions outside the nominal detector entrance aperture. The integrated protons displayed in these plots have been partially corrected for these effects. The electron detector responds significantly to protons above 32 MeV. Electron plots from GOES-8 to GOES-12 use data that have been corrected for this, earlier plots use uncorrected data. All electron data become unreliable during ion storms.Optical validation data were collected using a Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights, in the Saipan Anchorage area. Data were collected using TOAD during two and a half weeks of small boat-based TOAD deployments. A report detailing results of the study was generated to assist the Military Sealift Command in their efforts to increase the number of pre-position vessels stationed there.This data set contains Outer Continental Shelf block outlines in ArcGIS shapefile format for the BOEM Alaska Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/BOEM-Newsroom/Library/Publications/1999/99-0006-pdf.aspx Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles can not represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) are approximate area representations of U.S. Postal Service (USPS) ZIP Code service areas that the Census Bureau creates to present statistical data for each decennial census. The Census Bureau delineates ZCTA boundaries for the United States, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands once each decade following the decennial census. Data users should not use ZCTAs to identify the official USPS ZIP Code for mail delivery. The USPS makes periodic changes to ZIP Codes to support more efficient mail delivery. The Census Bureau uses tabulation blocks as the basis for defining each ZCTA. Tabulation blocks are assigned to a ZCTA based on the most frequently occurring ZIP Code for the addresses contained within that block. The most frequently occurring ZIP Code also becomes the five-digit numeric code of the ZCTA. These codes may contain leading zeros. Blocks that do not contain addresses but are surrounded by a single ZCTA (enclaves) are assigned to the surrounding ZCTA. Because the Census Bureau only uses the most frequently occurring ZIP Code to assign blocks, a ZCTA may not exist for every USPS ZIP Code. Some ZIP Codes may not have a matching ZCTA because too few addresses were associated with the specific ZIP Code or the ZIP Code was not the most frequently occurring ZIP Code within any of the blocks where it exists. The ZCTA boundaries in this release are those delineated following the 2010 Census.This dataset contains stable isotope ratio data of pelagic invertebrates from plankton net tows collected during HLY0802. Multiple whole individuals were used for individual samples to obtain sufficient mass and were treated with chloroform : methanol to remove lipids. These data were collected aboard the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Healy (HLY).Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on shrubsC3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSA method of improving our estimates of statistics used to describe flood frequency, taking into account information obtained from the stream whose flood frequency is being investigated.The Global Telecommunications System (GTS) is a major component of transmitting global meteorological data, consisting of both in situ and satellite observations. This data is collected by a number of organizations, which archive and further process the data. The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) collect this GTS data and format it into BUFR (Binary Universal Form for the Representation of meteorological data) for their processing needs. After processing, the BUFR is transmitted to NCAR for archival and additional processing into the International Maritime Meteorological Archive (IMMA) format for the International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS). NCAR also archives this IMMA-formatted data. NCDC will use these data as source input for the new ICOADS Near-Real-Time (NRT) product and will archive the two data streams from NCAR--the NCEP-BUFR data as well as IMMA (International Maritime Meteorological Archive) formatted data files (converted from the NCEP-BUFR file format) that are produced by NCAR. The IMMA format has been adopted by many organizations as the preferred format for marine observations. The data consists of basic observations taken from ships, buoys, C-MAN (Coastal Marine Automated Network), and tide-gauge stations. Observations may include: air and sea surface temperature, wind direction/speed, waves, sea level pressure, etc.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesREQUIRED: A brief narrative summary of the data set.Open Access Directory (en)The Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) operated the D/V GLOMAR CHALLENGER from 1968-1983, drilling 1,112 holes at 624 sites worldwide. The DSDP was funded by the US National Science Foundation and several foreign countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES), and was operated by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The DSDP data management group at SIO compiled a full suite of computerized marine geological and geophysical data files before they were disbanded in 1987, at which time the data files were transferred to NGDC and to the Ocean Drilling Program at Texas A University for distribution.In 1989, with support from, and in cooperation with, the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, Inc., U.S. Science Support Program, NGDC produced two compact discs (CDROM) containing all computerized DSDP data. In 2000, all but the logging and geophysical data were re-released as 1 CD-ROM with an HTML interface. Data are available for free online download. In 2007, the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) transferred digital images of all core photographs and closeup core photographs in their collection to NGDC for archive. Due to their volume, these data are not available online, but are archived and available on request. The photo collections consists of 17,635 high-resolution TIFF files, volume 553.34 gigabytes.C3Bio - The power of plants to power the worldData warehouse for national water quality program with links to chemical, biological, and physical data for water, sediment and animal tissues, nutrient, pesticide, and VOC levels, streamflow, and ground water levels from national study units.Observations taken on board U.S. Navy and merchant marine vessels and submitted to the U.S. Weather Bureau. Merchant ships are of many nationalities, and mainly cover voyages in the North Atlantic and North Pacific.Information on carbonatite deposits containing niobium and rare earth elements from around the world with grade and tonnage models, geologic setting, mineralogy.PO.DAAC Granule Search Search Granule does granule searching on PO.DAAC level 2 swath datasets (individual orbits of a satellite), and level 3 & 4 gridded datasets (time averaged to span the globe). The following parameters are supported: datasetId, shortName, startTime, endTime, bbox, and others.The National Ocean Service (NOS) maintains a long-term database containing a listing of active stations that are installed all over the United States and U.S. territories. Water Levels observations, coastal currents and other meteorological and oceanographic data are monitored from a network of over 200 permanent, continuously operating stations and from numerous stations operated for short-term and long-term projects. Stations are configured for a variety of observation periods, depending upon the location. For some stations, records date back to the late 1800s. Observed water level, ancillary and meteorological values are disseminated primarily at six minute increments. In addition, some stations provide real-time data for planning and emergency situations. The observed values are processed, stored and distributed over a wide variety of applications. The products are distributed on either hard copy, floppy disk, CD, or over the web and include the following: Active Station Lists , Tide Observation , Wind data , Air Temperature data , Water Temperature data , Barometric Pressure data , Conductivity data , Humidity data , Air Gap data , Currents data , Other Meteorological and or ancillary data. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)/ National Ocean Service's (NOS) Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS) manages the National Current Observation Program (NCOP) to collect, analyze, and distribute observations and predictions of currents. The program's goals are to ensure safe, efficient and environmentally sound maritime commerce, and to support environmental needs such as HAZMAT response. The principal product generated by this program is information used to maintain and update the Tidal Current Tables.WFS Service for RGIS dataset NM Gross Receipts July - December 2013 (88817830-fcbd-473d-abe7-cca4a1837569)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderIn 2008, the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary (MNMS) commenced a multiyear project focusing on shipwreck sites associated with the Battle of the Atlantic. During WWII, this was the closest theater of war to the continental United States. Directly off the coast of North Carolina remains a collection of nearly 200 shipwrecks from one of the most significant battles in one of the most historic wars in world history. In previous years, MNMS and partners have collected data and completed archaeological surveys of four sites. Additionally, with OER support, the 2009 field season conducted a multibeam sonar and ROV survey to discover and document previously unknown deep-water shipwrecks. Several targets were identified, which would benefit from more detailed characterization using advanced imaging technology.WMSThese raster data of the top surface of the Dakota sandstone of the Upper Colorado River Basin (UCRB) were created for the purpose of developing a generalized predevelopment groundwater flow model of the Mesozoic and Paleozoic aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin and use that model along with a few recharge estimates to estimate water budgets for the aquifers including associated groundwater contributions to the Colorado River surface water system. The modeling exercise also explored considerations for development of a more detailed groundwater flow model that would include all of the major aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationHomepage for Alaska Volcano Observatory (AVO) with offices in Anchorage and Fairbanks monitors and studies Alaska's hazardous volcanoes. Links to featured news, updates, publications and products, and a volcano atlas for Alaska.Geospatial metadata search.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GeoAcoustics GeoPulse 5430A 3.5-kHz data collected simultaneously with multibeam bathymetry and acoustic backscatter.Patterns of habitat utilization were compared among transplanted and natural Spartina alterniflora marshes in Chocolate Bay, East Matagorda Bay and Corpus Christi Bay (Texas) to test the null hypothesis that transplanted marshes along the Texas coast were equivalent to natural marshes.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesAutomatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all passenger vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from passenger vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains which aspects of stream ecosystems are harmed by urban development and how, along with implications for those who manage urban ecosystems.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on contaminants in animalsOnline booklet giving an introduction to the concept of plate tectonics and complements the information on the map This Dynamic Planet published in 1994 by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the Smithsonian Institution.Dataset consists of two-dimensional marine seismic reflection profile data from the San Francisco Bay area. These data were acquired in 1993, with the vessel David Johnston. The USGS identifier for these data is J893SF. For more information on the seismic surveys see http://walrus.wr.usgs.gov/infobank/j/j893sf/html/j-8-93-sf.meta.html These data are also available via GeoMapApp (http://www.geomapapp.org/) and Virtual Ocean ( http://www.virtualocean.org/) earth science exploration and visualization applications.This dataset consists of CRAMP Rapid Assessment Transect surveys taken in 2001-2004 and includes quantitative estimates of substrate type and species. The types and coverages were derived objectively from photographic images using PhotoGrid, a software package which analyzes random points on images of coral reefs and substrate. This dataset does not include the images from the transects, which have been provided to NOAA separately. In 2002, there were 57 lines surveyed at 28 sites. Due to funding cuts, the number of surveys dropped to 8 in 2003 and 5 in 2004. Surveys typically consist of shallow (~3m) and deep (~10m) lines. This dataset contains surveys from 20 sites.WMSDigitally compiled interactive maps with links to metadata, descriptions of map units, and data files.Gridded multibeam bathymetry is integrated with bathymetry derived from multipectral IKONOS satellite data. Gridded (5 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry collected aboard NOAA Ship Hiialaka'i and R/V AHI. Bathymetry values shallower than 25 m were derived by gauging the relative attenuation of blue and green spectral radiance as a function of depth. A multiple linear regression analysis of linearized blue and green band spectral values against depth determined the variables of y-intercept, blue slope and green slope values. Variables then used in multivariate slope intercept formula to derive depth. Variables were adjusted to improve the statistical accuracy and spatial coverage of the final derived bathymetry product. Digital image processing to derive depths conducted with the ENVI 4.3 software program while data editing and integration was performed using ArcGIS 9.3. This data set is for the shelf environment of Ofu and Olosega Islands, American Samoa.Search e4L - e-learning for Learners on Brookes WikiOver the past several years the researchers have conducted studies on the protected reef fish, goliath grouper (Epinephelus itajara). Goliath grouper has been overfished to the extent that the IUCN (World Conservation Union) has classified it as "critically endangered". The species was protected in the southeastern U.S. in 1990 through action by Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic Fishery Management Councils and the National Marine Fisheries Service. Since that time there has been a steady recovery. The primary purpose of these goliath grouper studies was to provide an understanding of adult ecology and behavior so that the population could be managed sustainably. Investigations involved; 1) distribution throughout the southeastern U.S., 2) regional densities in Florida, 3) habitat characteristics, 4) movement patterns, 5) regional size distributions, 6) diet and trophic patterns, and 7) spawning biology. The autors found that the vast majority of the goliath grouper population of the southeastern U.S. is restricted to Florida waters, mostly south Florida. Population recovery began off southwest Florida in the area of abundant juvenile habitat, the Ten Thousand Islands, and expanded to the north and east to southeast Florida, especially off Palm Beach County where spawning aggregations now exist. Goliath grouper prefer high relief habitat with extensive holes and caves large enough to accommodate adults, except in coral reef habitat where population densities are relatively sparse. Except for spawning migrations they display strong site fidelity. Goliath grouper feed mostly on crabs (over 60% of the diet) and especially mud crabs and swimming crabs. Fishes dominating the diet are mostly sedentary species such as toadfish, boxfish, and burrfish. They are not apex predators, but instead feed at a relatively low trophic level, similar to that of pinfish (Lagodon rhomboides). According to the bioenergetics model adult goliath grouper food consumption per day is very low, but additional data are needed to reduce uncertainty. Spawning occurs in aggregations during the late summer through early fall (August through October). Night-time sounds produced by goliath grouper during this period (and no other) appear directly related to spawning and may be useful in determining spawning areas, spawning season, and frequency. The researchers confirmed night-time spawning by collecting goliath grouper eggs (verified genetically) in the late evening and early morning downstream from spawning aggregations during the last quarter moon in the Atlantic and during the new moon in the Gulf. Quantitative reef survey data on the regional population densities of goliath grouper in Florida was concordant with semi-quantitative Reef Environmental Education Foundation (REEF) data; this result will reduce uncertainty about the use of REEF's population density data for future stock assessments.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.EUCROSS - The Europeanisation of everyday life: Cross-Border Practices and Transnational Identities among EU and Third-Country Citizens - a research project funded by the EC 7FP.Urvina Bay coral radiocarbon (14C) timeseries. (90 deg W, 0.5 deg S) Coral radiocarbon (Delta-14C) on untreated, low-speed drilled samples. Precision is +/- 4 per mil as documented by an in-house homogenized coral standard, and presented as AGE CORRECTED DELTA-14C [see Stuiver Polach, 1977]. The sample cores were made on a Porites lobata coral, in Urvina Bay, Isabella Island, Galapagos Archipelago by G. Wellington, and supplied by R. Dunbar. Cores were split and cleaned with distilled water. After identifying the major vertical growth axis, the coral was sequentially sampled at 2 mm increments with a low-speed drill. Splits (~1 mg) were reacted in vacuo in a modified autocarbonate device at 90 deg C and the purified CO2 analyzed on a gas source stable isotope ratio mass spectrometer. The remaining sample splits (~7-8 mg) were placed in individual reaction chambers, evacuated, heated, and then acidified with orthophosphoric acid at 90 deg C. The evolved CO2 was purified, trapped, and converted to graphite in the presence of cobalt catalyst in individual reactors [Vogel et al., 1987]. Graphite targets were measured at the Center for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory [Davis et al., 1990]. Radiocarbon results are reported as Delta-14C (") as defined by Stuiver and Polach [1977] and include the d13C correction obtained from the stable isotope results. Analytical precision and accuracy of the radiocarbon measurements is +/- 4" (1s) based on repeated analyses of an in-house homogenized near-modern coral and accepted secondary and tertiary radiocarbon standards. The coral died during the 1982/83 El Nino event. In keeping with the definition of "high-precision radiocarbon" ( less than 3 per mil, 1-sigma) data have been rounded to zero significant figures. The age model for these data was derived from a preliminary delta-13C age model which was then optimized by mapping the delta-18O data to a local instrumental SST record. A similar result was obtained using high-precision [Sr/Ca] analyses on aliquots of the same drilled powders used for d18O,d13C, and Delta-14C. Age model errors are estimated (brute force approach) at +/- 1 month.N/AThe National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.Site: Tarawa Atoll, Republic of Kiribati (1 deg N, 172 deg E). Water depth: 2-4m. Coral species Hydnophora microconos. Time span: 1959-79 at monthly resolution. Files contains stable isotope data presented by Cole and Fairbanks (1990), Mn/Ca data presented by Shen et al. (1992b), and normalized d18O data presented by Cole, Fairbanks, and Shen (1993) for the years 1893-1959. Stable isotopes were measured on untreated coral samples at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory by J. Cole and R. Fairbanks, on a Finnigan MAT-251 mass spectrometer with automated Carousel-48 carbonate device. Values are in standard per mil notation relative to PDB. Isotopic data are given for two corals from the same site, LDGO-39 and LDGO-44. Measurement precisions are 0.08 for d18O and 0.04 for d13C. Mn/Ca measurements were performed at the University of Washington by G. Shen and L. Linn by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrophotometry; only coral LDGO-44 was analyzed for Mn/Ca. Sample treatment procedures are described in Shen et al. (1992b). Average departures from duplicate means are 1.6nmol Mn/mol Ca. Ages for all samples in this file were derived from annual variations in d13C, assumed to correspond with annual rainy seasons as described in Cole and Fairbanks (1990).Density banding confirms these ages for LDGO-44 samples, but coral LDGO-39 did not exhibit clearly annual banding patterns. For Mn/Ca data prior to 1962 in LDGO-44, ages were determined by extrapolation based on density band data, as isotopic data only extends to 1962 in LDGO-44.The North America Regional Reanalysis (NARR) Project is a reanalysis of historical observations using a 32-km version of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) 1993 operational ETA model and ETA data assimilation system (EDAS). The objective is to create a long-term set of consistent climate data on a regional scale for the North American domain. The domain of analyses includes North and Central America as well as small parts of the United Kingdom, Eastern Asia, South America, and areas of the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. The period of the reanalyses is from October 1978 to the present and analyses were made 8 times daily (3 hour intervals). Horizontal boundary conditions are derived from the NCEP/DOE Global Reanalysis. Advantages over the widely used NCEP/NCAR Reanalysis (180 km) are its higher spatial and temporal resolutions (32 km grid, 45 vertical layers, every three hours) and better treatment of the land surface. This is achieved through the use of a better land-surface model (Noah LSM), the assimilation of more observational data (precipitation, upper air and surface winds), and through a better representation of the terrain (heights, vegetation, soil type). This data set contains "conventional" atmospheric analyses as well as model-derived fields that contain estimates of subsurface, surface, and radiative properties. This data set is encoded in WMO GRIB format version 1 using the NCEP GRIB table 131. The model used a native, "E-grid" for its calculations, however data were interpolated to a Lambert Conformal Conic projection, also known as NAM 221 AWIPS Grid - High Resolution North American Master Grid (32-km Resolution). All vector components are earth relative rather than grids relative which is the convention for operational NCEP model. The list of fields produced by the NARR ETA model differ from the operational ETA model. NARR data files that are compatible with the Grid Analysis and Display System (GrADS) are available.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.New and experimental methods of analyzing geospatial imagery, including detailed spectral analysis of land surface materials, historical image analysis, and long wave infrared image analysis.USGS water resource home page for Massachusetts and Rhode Island with detailed hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, basins, floods, droughts, and water quality, plus district news.Search SEGNOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is building high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) for select U.S. coastal regions in the Gulf of Mexico. These integrated bathymetric-topographic DEMs were developed for NOAA Coast Survey Development Laboratory (CSDL) through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009 to evaluate the utility of the Vertical Datum Transformation tool (VDatum), developed jointly by NOAA's Office of Coast Survey (OCS), National Geodetic Survey (NGS), and Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS). Bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data used in DEM compilation are obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. Coastal Services Center (CSC), the U.S. Office of Coast Survey (OCS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to the vertical tidal datum of North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88) or Mean High Water (MHW) and horizontal datum of North American Datum of 1983 (NAD 83). Cell size ranges from 1/3 arc-second (~10 meters) to 1 arc-second (~30 meters).USGS water resources home page for Nebraska with links to hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, and water quality plus publications and related natural resources information.Deck41 is a digital summary of surficial sediment composition for 36,401 seafloor samples worldwide. Data include collecting source, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, dominant lithology, secondary lithology, and a brief description of the surficial sediment at the location. Descriptions were abstracted largely from unpublished laboratory reports and core log sheets contributed to the National Oceanographic Data Center prior to 1975. Descriptions were assigned by Ms. Susie Bershad,and Dr. Martin Weiss of the Marine Geology and Geophysics Branch of NODC, which was transferred to the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in 1976, at which time compilation ceased. Data are free for online search and download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Runoff Estimates for Small Rural Watersheds and Development of a Sound Design method. Volume II. (Fletcher et al., 1977). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall erosivity are called isoerodents. The isoerodents plotted on a map of Alaska were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 800 meter resolution in Albers Conic Equal Area,WGS84, WGS84.The Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) operated the D/V GLOMAR CHALLENGER from 1968-1983, drilling 1,112 holes at 624 sites worldwide. The DSDP was funded by the US National Science Foundation and several foreign countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES), and was operated by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The DSDP data management group at SIO compiled a full suite of computerized marine geological and geophysical data files before they were disbanded in 1987, at which time the data files were transferred to NGDC and to the Ocean Drilling Program at Texas A University for distribution.In 1989, with support from, and in cooperation with, the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, Inc., U.S. Science Support Program, NGDC produced two compact discs (CDROM) containing all computerized DSDP data. In 2000, all but the logging and geophysical data were re-released as 1 CD-ROM with an HTML interface. Data are available for free online download. In 2007, the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) transferred digital images of all core photographs and closeup core photographs in their collection to NGDC for archive. Due to their volume, these data are not available online, but are archived and available on request. The photo collections consists of 17,635 high-resolution TIFF files, volume 553.34 gigabytes.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on field recording methodsArctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) 1002 area's petroleum resource assessment. Text available in PDF and HTML formats.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.Lists and maps of historic earthquakes by geographic area, magnitude, destructiveness, and other characteristics.NOAA Abandoned Vessel Project Data for Rota. Abandoned vessels pose a significant threat to the NOAA Trust resources through physical destruction of coral habitats and dispersion of toxic chemicals and gear. The Damage Assessment Center (DAC) is addressing this issue by creating a comprehensive database of abandoned vessels. These vessels can potentially threaten coral ecosystems in U.S. waters. Current databases are limited in their scope or definition of abandoned vessels. The inventory is a compilation of existing data from sources such as NOAA, the U.S. Coast Guard, States, Territories and the maritime industry, as well as original data from maps and personal interviews with local sources.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The Glacial Features (Point) layer describes point features associated with surficial geology. These glacial features include, but are not limited to, delta forsets, drumlins, striations and significant exposures. This layer also includes non-glacial exposures such as gravel pits. An associated DBASE table (GLAC_DESC168P.dbf) is available with glacial feature descriptions.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. XYZ values are derived from a 5m resolution gridding process.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Reviews production, consumption, and reserves and important policies and regulations regarding production and trade of rare earths, including recently announced export quotas.Department of Economics - University of OxfordPDF file of map of Quaternary faults and folds in Columbia prepared as part of the World Map of Major Active Faults with locations, ages, and activity rates of major earthquake-related features accompanied by database of description and activity.This study reconstructs past interactions among ecosystem factors, native species, and human land use in the Greater Yellowstone ecosystem to provide a context for future management to sustain both ecological and human communities.Chercher sur le site web Debian.Search at whc.unesco.orgThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 5m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The relation between seasonal forest change and weather is being tracked and analyzed by comparing precise field observations to regional patterns shown in long-term satellite imagery.Site for the Volunteer Program at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (HVO) with information on how to become a volunteer, volunteer housing, examples of volunteer experiences, available volunteer projects, and about HVO.NOAA CoastWatch distributes SST anomaly data using a combination of the POES AVHRR Global Area Coverage data, and data from a climatological database by Casey and Cornillon. AVHRR SST is compared with the climatological SST for the region and time period specified.Explains how these hot surface waters form, why their temperature changes often, and provides safety guidance for visiting this area.This demonstration server showcases MapServer (www.mapserver.org) and its OGC supportThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.TransRoad_RDSBASE2000 defines roadway base materials on VT highways. Derived from VTran's Route Log System - 2000.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer depicts potential sea level rise and its associated impacts on the nation's coastal areas. These coastal areas include all the states (except for Alaska, Louisiana, and Great Lake states) and the U.S. territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, Saipan, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The purpose of the mapping viewer is to provide coastal managers and scientists with a preliminary look at sea level rise (slr) and coastal flooding impacts. Being able to visualize potential impacts from sea level rise is a powerful teaching and planning tool, and the viewer brings this capability to coastal communities. The viewer is a screening-level tool that uses nationally consistent data sets and analyses. Data and maps provided can be used at several scales to help gauge trends and prioritize actions for different scenarios. The Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer may be accessed at: http://www.coast.noaa.gov/slr/. Some of the features of this tool are: 1. Displays potential future sea levels 2. Provides simulations of sea level rise at local landmarks 3. Communicates the spatial uncertainty of mapped sea levels 4. Models potential marsh migration due to sea level rise 5. Overlays social and economic data onto potential sea level rise 6. Examines how tidal flooding will become more frequent with sea level riseWMSGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWe estimate mean volumes of 896 million barrels of oil and about 53 trillion cubic feet of nonassociated natural gas in conventional, undiscovered accumulations within this area, a reduction of our 2002 estimate due to new geologic information.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This data layer is a color infrared composite (bands 4,3,2) seamless mosaic of ten Landsat Thematic Mapper scenes captured April - June 1999. The scenes have been contrast-balanced and color-matched to each other using PCIWorks V6.3.0.The Marine Minerals Geochemical Database was created by NGDC as a part of a project to construct a comprehensive computerized bibliography and geochemical database as a Cooperative effort with the Ocean Minerals and Energy Division of the National Ocean Service of NOAA, and the Office of Marine Minerals and International Activities (INTERMAR) of the Minerals Management Service. The marine minerals project was begun in April of 1983, and ended in 1991. Active compilation of the bibliography ended at NGDC in the fall of 1991. Coding of geochemical analyses at NGDC ended in 1989. The marine minerals database contains geochemical analyses and auxiliary information on present-day marine deposits of primarily ferromanganese nodules and crusts, but also contains some data for heavy minerals, and phosphorites. The NOAA & MMS Marine Minerals CDROM data set, funded by INTERMAR, containing the marine minerals geochemical database and bibliography with access software for PC and Macintosh platforms was released by NGDC in October of 1991. Sources of data include the historic Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) manganese nodule analysis file, the CNEXO ferromanganese nodule analysis file, ferromanganese crust data compiled by the U.S. Geological Survey, and data coded at NGDC from the scientific literature. A placer data set from the USGS is also included. The ferromanganese nodule/crust portion of the database contains over 140,000 element/oxide analyses. Approximately 1,400 heavy mineral analyses and fewer than 300 phosphorite analyses are in the database. The geochemical database is described online through the NGDC server.The geochemical database has been corrected and updated by the International Seabed Authority, sponsored by the United Nations - their geochemical database supersedes the NGDC database.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationDescription of method of capturing and tagging manatees in western Florida for tracking by satellite telemetry. Presented at a forum on telemetry.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.CEOS The GCMD database holds more than 25,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Information on researching and locating historical maps with reference to basic references and collections of the National Archives, Library of Congress, and the U.S. Geological Survey. Includes instructions for ordering copies of historic USGS maps.Data were collected on cruise HLY0404 to the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas on the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter (USCGC) Healy from 2 September 2004 to 1 October 2004 as part of the Shelf Basin Interactions program. The primary sampling instrument was a self-contained, battery powered, single camera Auto Video Plankton Recorder (AutoVPR; SeaScan, Inc.) that was deployed from the stern of the ship in a stainless-steel cage. The AutoVPR records video image frames from a Pulnix TM7 CCD camera at 720 x 640 pixels at 30 Hz as a wavelet compressed data stream together with coincident data from a SeaBird SBE49 Conductivity Temperature Depth (CTD) operating at 10Hz.Changes in Arctic sea ice and permafrost will likely affect populations of wildlife. Migratory birds such as loons rely on freshwater lakes in the Arctic for nesting and food supply; we are studying how their populations are affected by these changes.Between April 1987 and November 1987, a total of 144 samples were collected in marsh, nonvegetated, and submerged aquatic vegetated areas of the upper, middle, and lower portions of Galveston Bay, Texas. Findings reveal how marshes of the Galveston Bay system are utilized by consumersWMSWorldwide network of seismic monitoring stations coordinated by a variety of national and international organizations.Describes the analytical process by which spatial scientific information contributes to forecasts and models in support of regional and local decision-making.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Lepidoptera (butterflies and moths)N/AThis layer shows coastal channels and waterways that are maintained and surveyed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). These channels are necessary transportation systems that serve economic and national security interests. The possibility of silting is always present. Local authorities should be consulted for the controlling depth. NOS Charts frequently show controlling depths in a table, which is kept current by the US Coast Guard Local Notice to Mariners.IPR Holder: Milford Haven Port Authority Trust; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Celtic Sea - 21a; Survey Start: 1998-06-01; Survey End: 1998-06-30; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AThis dataset is a record of fish distribution and activity for REDBAND TROUT contained in the StreamNet database. This feature class was created based on linear event data extracted from the StreamNet database on March 21, 2006. Distribution is based upon the best professional judgement of local fish biologists, in the Pacific Northwest Region (Oregon, Washington, and Idaho). These data were collected by biologists at the state fish & wildlife agencies of Washington (WDFW), Oregon (ODFW) and Idaho (IDFG). Data were then compiled by StreamNet staff into paper maps or event tables at the state level. These event tables were submitted to the StreamNet regional staff at Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commision (PSMFC) where this regional distribution feature class was created from the source route event tables. All data is referenced to the PNW 1:100,000 River Reach Hydrography (http://www.streamnet.org/pnwr/pnwrhome.html) on the LLID-based stream routing system.Explains the geologic setting in which these deposits are found, with information about production and the processes used to extract these valuable mineral resources.Links to published materials produced by the Watershed Processes and Modeling Project on watershed model TOPMODEL, compilation of STATSGO soils data, climate change, landscape heterogeneity in ecoregions, and other links.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe USGS Contours service from The National Map (TNM) consists of contours generated for the conterminous United States from the 1 arc-second National Elevation Dataset (NED). Contours are displayed between 1:289K and 1:72K scales in The National Map viewer. Contour intervals are 100-feet at 1:289K and 1:144K, and 50-feet at 1:72K. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain contour data in either Esri File Geodatabase or Shapefile formats. The NED serves as the elevation layer of The National Map, and provides basic elevation information for earth science studies and mapping applications. Scientists and resource managers use NED data for global change research, hydrologic modeling, resource monitoring, mapping and visualization, and many other applications. For additional information on the NED, go to http://ned.usgs.gov.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationExplains the meteorological and hydrologic conditions that led to widespread flooding in this area.NCALM Seed. PI: Riccardo Tortini, Michigan Technological University. The survey area consisted of a polygon located 115 km North of Redding, California. These data were collected to investigate the largest quaternary debris avalanche deposit off of the Mount Shasta Volcano in Northern California. These data were collected August 5, 2013.This data set contains lidar point data (Geodetic Coordinates) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Long Beach to the US/Mexico border. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 (tail number N3832K) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 24 and 25 March 2006; Julian Days 08306 and 08406 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 300-600m AGL, and ground speed: 95-120kts. Two GPS base stations were operating during each day of the survey, Point Loma and San Onofre on 08306 and Seal Beach and San Onofre on 08406 (see Lineage, Source_Information, and Source Contribution for coordinates). Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all cargo vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from cargo vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe GIS REST service for "Anchorage Areas in U.S. waters" provides raster maps of the anchorage areas in which vessels anchor or may anchor (as defined by IHO Dictionary, S-32, 5th Edition, 130). These areas are derived from NOAA's Electronic Navigation Charts. This serivce is a cartographic representation of marine source data based on S-57 data format and content specificationBarrow field campaign photos taken by helicopter by Chris Hiemstra in August 2009.The project will produce a valuation function that depends on factors related to Steller sea lion (SSL) protection measures, and may include some combination of the expected aggregate size of the population and improvements to the ESA listing status resulting from protection measures, cost of the protection measures, and effects of protection measures on local economies, fishery participants, and consumer fish prices. This function can be used to identify non-consumptive use values for SSLs and how these values are affected by protection measures, thereby providing valuable information to policy makers.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemDescription of the SCAMP project to produce geologic and geophysical maps and reports that describe the geologic setting and geologic history of southern California.A total of 27 possible placement sites (some with multiple placement footprints) are incorporated into this San Diego Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan to enable the greatest flexibility in sediment management. The majority of the sites have been used previously for sediment placement and some footprints have been enlarged to accommodate more sediment. Seven new sites are nearshore placement sites (off South Oceanside outside of a previous USACE placement area, off Batiquitos, off Cardiff State Beach, off San Dieguito Lagoon, off Torrey Pines State Beach, off Mission Beach, and off Coronado). The suite of receiver sites are proposed to maximize environmental sensitivity of long-term sediment placement within the region by spreading the placed sediment volume over more numerous and larger areas to reduce cumulative impacts (i.e., burial of sensitive resources, turbidity near bird nesting/foraging areas).Modifications to some onshore sand placement sites may occur as part of the ongoing Regional Beach Sand Projects (RBSP) II planning effort. Certain cities have indicated a desire for either more or less sediment and for placement at slightly different locations other than those included in RBSP I. Therefore, some of the placement locations currently shown may change slightly in future adaptations to the Coastal RSM Plan.Data created by Moffatt & Nichol (March 2009) and submitted to CSMW by SANDAG as part of the San Diego County Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan (2009).WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian/ Alaska Native Area/ Hawaiian Homeland Areas for Socorro County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (e26514fd-8398-46fd-87e0-4aed81f8b1d2)Non-larval fish captured in MOCNESS tows as part of a few special studies. This table includes all tows by species, even if zero eggs were captured for the species, i.e., negative tows. The \\\\"Fish Counts Positive Tows\\\\" table includes only tows where one or more eggs were captured for the species selected by the user.This map layer contains impervious surface data for the conterminous United States, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at http://www.mrlc.gov/nlcd2001.php.IPR Holder: Belfast Harbour Commissioners; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2012-03-01; Survey End: 2012-10-01; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: Decca;Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The nowCOAST 'geolinks' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing geo-referenced hyperlinks to various observing station, forecast model guidance and forecast location web pages. To obtain the URL and other attributes of a particular location of interest via WMS, a GetFeatureInfo request should be issued by your WMS client. The 'geolinks' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.We estimated potential technically recoverable mean resources of 53 million barrels of shale oil and 320 billion cubic feet of shale gas in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.Article from American Scientist on study of the San Francisco Bay estuary as a component of the global climate system showing that natural fluctuations might be mistaken for anthropogenic trends affecting waterflow and salinity.The New Hampshire/Southern Maine Ocean Uses Atlas Project is an innovative partnership between the Coastal Response Research Center (CRRC) and NOAA&apos;s Office of Ocean and Coastal Resource Management (OCRM). The Project was designed to enhance ocean management through geospatial data on the full range of significant human uses of the ocean environment from the shorelines of New Hampshire and Southern Maine to the EEZ boundary. The data were gathered from regional ocean experts and users through participatory GIS methods. For more information on the project scope, background and related data products, please visit http://www.crrc.unh.edu/workshops/ocean_uses/index.html or http://marineprotectedareas.noaa.gov/dataanalysis/mapping_ocean_uses/welcome.html.A comprehensive species list of marine invertebrates of Alaska has been lacking. The checklist of Austin (1985) treated the marine invertebrates of the southern coast of Alaska to California and since then many new species have been described, many range extensions have been discovered, and considerable changes in higher-level systematics have been made. The checklist we compiled lists over 3,500 species and includes the currently accepted scientific name and its significant synonyms, common names, type localities, geographic and depth distributions, a general statement of abundance in Alaska when known (e.g., rare, uncommon, common, abundant), and general remarks. This checklist will serve as a foundation for future species-specific research. Updated species lists are necessary to reflect the current state of biodiversity knowledge and are thus essential for conservation planning and management. To monitor and predict future changes to marine life, the distribution and abundance of marine species need to be better understood, and this can only be achieved with reliable identifications based on a sound taxonomy. The current status and future directions of Alaskan marine invertebrate biodiversity are briefly discussed.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe design of this field mission is three fold: (1) to spatially characterize the distribution, abundance and size of both reef fishes and macro invertebrates within and around the waters of the Flower Gardens National Marine Sanctuary using, (2) to relate this information to in-situ data collected on associated habitat parameters and (3) to use hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of East and West Bank. This information collected will be used to evaluate the utility of an experimental fishing closure on one of the most pristine reefs under US jurisdiction in the tropical Western Atlantic. Data collected during this mission (pre-closure) will provide baseline information necessary to evaluate closure efficacy and assess whether the closure should become permanent.The Ecotox Program is at the forefront, nationally and internationally, of targeted research to characterize the impacts of petroleum hydrocarbons on NOAA trust resources, particularly fish early life stages. This work is extending lessons learned from the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska, through the Cosco Busan spill in San Francisco Bay, to an array of current and intensive activities associated with the Deepwater Horizon natural resource damage assessment in the Gulf of Mexico. This research has been particularly influential in recent years (PNAS papers in 2011 and 2012), with major Deepwater papers forthcoming in 2012 and 2013. Funding has come from NOS/ORR, the Oiled Wildlife Care Network, the Prince William Sound Regional Citizen's Advisory Council, the San Francisco Estuary Institute, and other sources. Ecotox is currently developing new tools to assess PAH exposure and toxicity in fish and other animals, with national applicability - e.g., in advance of anticipated oil drilling in the Arctic, beginning in the summer of 2012. Ongoing NRDA study of the effects of the 2011 Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico.Ozark - St. Francis National Forests stand inventory data for vegetation, maintained in polygon format. Polygon boundaries that provide areas to be rotated for entry of timber inventory and management. Stand is defined as a spatially continuous group of trees and associated vegetation having similar structures and growing under similar soil and climatic conditions.Vegetation polygons support Forest Service vegetation data management and analysis. Vegetation data is critical in support of land management; whether it be for wildlife habitat analysis, fire and fuels management, watershed management, or timber production. A vegetation polygon is a logical sampling unit; a logical area of land on which to describe vegetation conditions. Over time, data is collected for some or all of these polygons. Data such as canopy cover or forest type may be derived for each polygon via satellite image processing or photo interpretation. Field crews may be sent to a selection of polygons to collect detailed data where individual trees are measured or down woody material is measured along transects. The amount and currency of data describing each vegetation polygon varies widely since it is cost-prohibitive to maintain detailed and current data for all polygons at any point in time. Data for some polygons may be more than 10 years old, while data for other polygons may have been collected yesterday. Typically where active project work or landscape analysis is occurring, better data is available since there is a need for good data for that area at that point in time. Data for polygons within the NRIS_VegPoly feature class is changing on a daily basis as data is updated by Forest Service staff. This feature class is a "working" dataset; that is, it supports day-to-day Forest Service land management.Site for programs of the Central Region Mineral Resources Team with links to products, personnel, projects and programs of land stewardship, regional geochemistry, analytical chemistry, geology and resources assessment and remote sensing.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.ISCB - International Society for Computational BiologyList of Available Public Schools in New Orleans, LA during the 2007-08 school year.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. County subdivisions are the primary divisions of counties and their equivalent entities for the reporting of Census Bureau data, and they include legally minor civil divisions (MCDs) and statistical census county divisions (CCDs), and unorganized territories. For the 2010 Census, the legal MCDs are the primary governmental and/or administrative divisions of counties in 29 States and Puerto Rico; Tennessee changed from having CCDs for Census 2000 to having MCDs for the 2010 Census. In MCD States where no MCD exists or is not defined, the Census Bureau creates statistical unorganized territories to complete coverage. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by county subdivisions. The boundaries of all 2010 Census legal MCDs are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). For the 2010 Census, CCDs or their equivalents are delineated in 21 States. The boundaries of all 2010 Census statistical CCDs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).WMSWMSAn aerial photograph is a photograph of the earth's surface taken with a camera mounted in an airplane. The geopgraphic extent of this georectified 1.5-meter pixel resolution color infrared (CIR) digital aerial photograph mosaic is approximately the Treasure Valley in Idaho. 48 tiles acquired as part of the 2000 Treasure Valley Air Photo Project are included in this mosaic. The collection area includes almost all of Canyon county, portions of the north-western half of Ada county, the southern tip of Payette county, and a small portion of the south-western tip of Gem county. The 1:24,000-scale color infrared aerial photography used in the production of this mosaiced image was flown in July 2000 by Valley Air Photos, Caldwell, Idaho.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Over 30 years of substantial warming, the timing of life cycle events in maize here has changed, threatening the crop yield by exposing the plant at sensitive phases in its life cycle to increased heat and drought, and lowering the weight of its grains.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB provides seamless national coverage with no overlaps or gaps between parts. Each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or it can be combined with shapefiles for other counties to cover a region or the entire nation. The Address Ranges Feature Shapefile (ADDRFEAT.dbf) contains the geospatial edge geometry and attributes of all unsuppressed address ranges for a county or county equivalent area. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. Single-address address ranges have been suppressed to maintain the confidentiality of the addresses they describe. Multiple coincident address range feature edge records are represented in the shapefile if more than one left or right address ranges are associated to the edge. The ADDRFEAT shapefile contains a record for each address range to street name combination. Address range associated to more than one street name are also represented by multiple coincident address range feature edge records. Note that the ADDRFEAT shapefile includes all unsuppressed address ranges compared to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) which only includes the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge. The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Wildlife Health Center (NWHC) is a biomedical laboratory assessing the impact of disease on wildlife and identifying the role of various pathogens in wildlife losses. Site has links to news, programs, publications and metadata.Search lhup_calendar Events.This data set contains lidar point data (Geodetic Coordinates) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Newport Beach to the US/Mexico border. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 (tail number N6602L) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 24 and 25 October 2003; Julian Days 29703 and 29803 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). Conditions on both days were haze, low clouds, and smoke over Los Angeles and Camp Pendleton. 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 1038-1106m AGL, and ground speed: 99-119kts. Three GPS base stations (Seal Beach, Dana Point, and Point Loma, see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates) were operating during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.Amphibian population declines and deformities due to various causes including land use change, viruses, and fungi. Links to USGS press releases, answers to FAQs (HTML and PDF versions) and photos with downloadable files.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides a comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys and multibeam bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.Search global accession database Genesys PGRThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Lines showing municipal boundaries for all towns within Green County, Missouri.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationIPR Holder: Milford Haven Port Authority Trust; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Celtic Sea - 21a; Survey Start: 2007-10-20; Survey End: 2007-10-20; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;In 1931, the USGS established a statewide network of wells in Pennsylvania to monitor water-level fluctuations. This network consists of 68 wells to monitor ground water conditions during droughts. Links to ground-water data, hydrographs, and levels.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during March 2013.Geographic analysis of the changes in storage and release of carbon in this large area as land use patterns, especially agriculture, have changed.The US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the SEAS v9.1 program and structures data in the IMMT-5 format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Sphinx 1.3.1+ documentation Search Sphinx 1.3.1+ documentationThis map is produced by the Aerial Phtography Field Office (APFO) to show the image acquisition dates for the 2013 National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP) imagery. The image dates are important to help the user determine what crops if any can be seen on the imagery. This date index contains a polygon for each exposure used in the creation of the imagery. To view the polygons for a particular state go to the boomark tab in the upper right of the map. Once a state is chosen the view will zoom to the state and polygons will appear. The image dates are a scale dependent layer both for performance and for a better user viewing experience. Image acquistion date, color type, camera type, camera manufacturer, camera model, camera hardware and firmware versions, and aircraft type are the informational fields contained in the map.Results of a survey of contaminants in untreated groundwater in this area, separating inorganic from organic constituents.WMSAtlassian Confluence Search ProviderConsistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.USGS water resources home page for Michigan with links to detailed hydrologic studies and historic and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, weather, water management, droughts, floods, and water quality.The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of precipitation amounts. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of precipitation amounts, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesCambridge Journals Online Search ProviderThis study extends the oxygen isotope record of this important paleoclimate record forward in time to cover more recent history, up to 4,500 years before present.Links to products of magnetic, gravity, magnetotelluric, and multi-discipline reports and surveys of regions in the U.S. and Antarctica plus geophysical software tools. Some products are in PDF format.IPR Holder: Bristol Port Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Bristol Channel - 20; Survey Start: 2009-02-12; Survey End: 2009-02-12; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;In 2008, the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary (MNMS) commenced a multiyear project focusing on shipwreck sites associated with the Battle of the Atlantic. During WWII, this was the closest theater of war to the continental United States. Directly off the coast of North Carolina remains a collection of nearly 200 shipwrecks from one of the most significant battles in one of the most historic wars in world history. In previous years, MNMS and partners have collected data and completed archaeological surveys of four sites. Additionally, with OER support, the 2009 field season conducted a multibeam sonar and ROV survey to discover and document previously unknown deep-water shipwrecks. Several targets were identified, which would benefit from more detailed characterization using advanced imaging technology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data collection consists of Lidar Point Cloud (LPC) projects as provided to the USGS. These point cloud files contain all the original lidar points collected, with the original spatial reference and units preserved. These data may have been used as the source of updates to the National Elevation Dataset (NED), which serves as the elevation layer of the National Map. Lidar (Light detection and ranging) discrete-return point cloud data are available in the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ASPRS) LAS format. The LAS format is a standardized binary format for storing 3-dimensional point cloud data and point attributes along with header information and variable length records specific to the data. Millions of data points are stored as a 3-dimensional data cloud as a series of geo-referenced x, y coordiniates and z (elevation), as well as other attributes for each point. A few older projects in this collection are in ASCII format. Please refer to http://www.asprs.org/Committee-General/LASer-LAS-File-Format-Exchange-Activities.html for additional information on the .LAS file format.Girlstart - Empowering Girls in Math, Science and TechnologySPLWeb (en)Short descriptions of recent volcanic activity in the US.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSSoftware system designed to aid users in preparing spatial information as input to lumped and distributed parameter environmental simulation models.Temperature, species identification, and other data were collected from HOKUHO MARU using net, bottle, and CTD casts in the Pacific Ocean. Data were collected from 10 September 1990 to 23 October 1990 by Tokyo University; Ocean Research Institute with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue (GODAR) project.A multi-disciplinary team of scientists on the Henry Bigelow HB1204 mission surveyed and ground-truthed known or suspected deep-sea coral habitats associated with deepwater canyons off the coast of the northeastern U.S. using the state-of-the-art ME70 multibeam survey system.Data products generated by the Ocean Colour component of the European Space Agency's Climate Change Initiative project. These files are 8D daily composites of merged sensor (MERIS, MODIS, SeaWiFS) products, where MODIS and MERIS wereband-shifted and bias-corrected to SeaWiFS bands and values. MODIS and SeaWiFS RRS products were derived from 4km resolution level-3 binned standard NASA products; MERIS was derived from a 4km level-3 binning of the output of the HYGEOS POLYMER algorithm. Derived products, such as Kd and chlorophyll were computed with the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithms. QAA IOPs were derived using the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithm, with a modified backscatter table to match that used in the bandshifting. Uncertainty estimates were added using Tim Moore's fuzzy water classification and uncertainty estimation algorithm.Science Under The Stars Search Science Under The Stars - An evening outdoor lecture series open to all!Gridded multibeam bathymetry is integrated with gridded LiDAR bathymetry and bathymetry derived from multispectral IKONOS satellite data. Gridded (5 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry collected aboard NOAA Ship Hiialaka'i and R/V AHI. Lidar bathymetry were collected by the Naval Oceanographic Office. Bathymetry values shallower than 25 m were derived by gauging the reletive attenuation of blue and green spectral radiance as a function of depth. A multiple linear regression analysis of linearized blue and green band spectral values against depth determined the variables of y-intercept, blue slope and green slope values. Variables then used in multivariate slope intercept formula to derive depth. Variables were adjusted to improve the statistical accuracy and spatial coverage of the final derived bathymetry product. Digital image processing to derive depths conducted with the ENVI 4.5 software program while data editing and integration was performed using ArcGIS 9.3. This dataset is for the shelf environment of Saipan Island, Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, USAWikimedia blog Search Wikimedia blog - News from the Wikimedia Foundation and about the Wikimedia movementDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordSummarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateGridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of Kure Atoll, Hawaii, USA. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 2000 meters. The netCDF grid includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The netCDF grid also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Jimenez Group Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Location, type, mineralogy, name, tonnage and grade, and geological setting for 120 deposits of this typeThis dataset is a collection of imagery of Howland Island coral reef systems. They are pairs of imagery where one image was acquired during a suspected bleaching event. The second is a control image taken at some point prior to the event. The images are co-located and radiometrically calibrated for comparison. The difference images are analyzed for evidence of bleaching. Additional information on methodology can be found here: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/dmsp/coral/methodology.htmlN/AQuadIndex_Poly is a coverage which contains theoretically perfect quadrangle polygons encompassing the State of North Dakota. Attribution of the polygons includes 1:250000, 1:100000, 1:24000, and 1:24000 quarter quadrangle delineations, the dates of the 7.5', 1:24000 scale USGS topo maps, and the photo dates for the USGS Digital Orthophoto Quarter Quadrangles (DOQQs).Explains the strategy that USGS will use to estimate the distribution and abundance of freshwater resources, evaluate factors affecting availability, estimate undeveloped potential resources, and forecasting likely changes due to other factors.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.At a scale of 1:100,000, this map shows an uncommon level of detail for State geologic maps. Mapped rock units are primarily based on lithology, or rock type, to facilitate derivative studies in multiple disciplines.WMSThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. These pointdata were generated to conduct ground validation during map preparation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; U.S. Geological Survey; National Park Service; and the National Geophysical Data Center, to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force. These point data were generated while conducting ground validation during map preparation.The TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. Block Groups (BGs) are defined before tabulation block delineation and numbering, but are clusters of blocks within the same census tract that have the same first digit of their 4-digit census block number from the same decennial census. For example, Census 2000 tabulation blocks 3001, 3002, 3003,.., 3999 within Census 2000 tract 1210.02 are also within BG 3 within that census tract. Census 2000 BGs generally contained between 600 and 3,000 people, with an optimum size of 1,500 people. Most BGs were delineated by local participants in the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP). The Census Bureau delineated BGs only where the PSAP participant declined to delineate BGs or where the Census Bureau could not identify any local PSAP participant. A BG usually covers a contiguous area. Each census tract contains at least one BG, and BGs are uniquely numbered within census tract. Within the standard census geographic hierarchy, BGs never cross county or census tract boundaries, but may cross the boundaries of other geographic entities like county subdivisions, places, urban areas, voting districts, congressional districts, and American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian areas. BGs have a valid code range of 0 through 9. BGs coded 0 were intended to only include water area, no land area, and they are generally in territorial seas, coastal water, and Great Lakes water areas. For Census 2000, rather than extending a census tract boundary into the Great Lakes or out to the U.S. nautical three-mile limit, the Census Bureau delineated some census tract boundaries along the shoreline or just offshore. The Census Bureau assigned a default census tract number of 0 and BG of 0 to these offshore, water-only areas not included in regularly numbered census tract areas.Comment and discussion on Valve Software's digital distribution platform.This data set contains the Limit of 8(g) Zone line in ESRI Arc/Info export and Arc/View shape file formats for the BOEM Pacific Region. The 8(g) Zone lies between the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary line and a line projected 3 nautical miles seaward of the SLA boundary line. Within this zone revenues are shared with the coastal state(s). Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact Submerged Lands Act Boundary.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Coeducate Project Search Coeducate Project - Dissemination of findings of the Jisc Coeducate projectThis theme shows the USFS national forest boundaries in the state. This data was acquired from the GIS coordinators at both the Chippewa National Forest and the Superior National Forest in April 2008.The US Science Operator for the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 2004-2013 for worldwide expeditions numbering between 301 through 346. IODP was an international marine research program that explored Earth's history and structure recorded in seafloor sediments and rocks, and monitors subseafloor environments, building upon the earlier successes of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) and Ocean Drilling Program (ODP), which revolutionized our view of Earth history and global processes through ocean basin exploration. IODP expanded the reach of these previous programs by using multiple drilling platforms, including riser, riserless, and mission-specific, to achieve its scientific goals. The IODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries, only the U.S. component of IODP data is represented in this archive. In 2010, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) began receiving core data processed through the JANUS data system at TAMU for long-term archival, beginning with Expedition 301. In 2013, the first data from the new LIMS data system at TAMU reached the archive, beginning with Expedition 317. In addition to digital core data from the JANUS and LIMS systems, which is available online, core images and other scanned documents and images are also archived. Digital imagery is available on request, but not offered online due to its volume.Gridded bathymetry and IKONOS estimated depths of the shelf and slope environments of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, USA within UTM Zone 1. Bottom coverage was achieved in depths between 0 and 5000 meters. The netCDF grid includes multibeam bathymetry from the Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d, and Reson 8101 multibeam sonars collected as of October 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 20 and 5000 meters. The netCDF grid also includes estimated depths derived from high resolution IKONOS satellite imagery by the NOAA/NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Remote Sensing Team in shallow water between 0 and 16 meters.Highlights scientific studies in which microbiology plays an important role; includes a listing of USGS scientists with expertise in microbiology.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesTo assess the effectiveness of ecological carbon sequestration, we plan to define ecosystem reporting units, model baseline and potential carbon sequestration, develop spatial models that simulate ecosystems, and integrate remote sensing data.Comprehensive bibliography on the ecology, conservation, and management of North American waterfowl and their wetland habitats. Facilitates searching or downloading as *.zip files and use with ProCite utility.Atlantic East Coast interactive map with GIS datasets and sonar imagery.This file represents the program areas of the Outer Continental Shelf that have been included in the 2017-2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Draft Proposed Program.Multibeam mapping, single beam, water column sonar, sub-bottom profile, water column profile, ship sensor, ROV sensor, video and image data will all be collected during this mission.ReactomeWiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The 24 arc-second Kenai Peninsula Bororugh Alaska Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 24 second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingExplains the geologic and hydrologic setting of freshwater wetlands and shows how USGS scientists study these areas.Memory Alpha (en)Homepage of the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory with links to information about the observatory at Yellowstone National Park, volcanic history, photo gallery, monitoring data, publications and products, and Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs).We plan to employ cutting edge hyperspectral and/or multispectral imagery products to visualize and detect stress induced in sensitive estuarine vegetation. AVIRIS imagery available publicly will be employed for these preliminary studies. We will attempt this analysis from multiple aspects, such as - looking at simple vegetation indices, looking at broad spectral characteristics as well as fine-scale spectral characteristics, analyzing the remotely sensed imagery over time to do before/after analysis. These studies will provide valuable insight into the affects of the oil spill on sensitive and delicate vegetation along the gulf coast. This study will serve as a pilot study, enabling us to identify and focus on developing more advanced algorithms tuned for such problems for a wider study (Phase two). Deliverables from phase one activities will include image analysis products, including processing and preparing imagery for analysis and preliminary maps identifying potentially stressed vegetation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This image represents a 3 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 3/21/06 to 4/2/06. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Geocoder 2.8 software. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are ostensibly an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on the impact of human activitiesWe estimate that there are about 85 trillion cubic feet (TCF) of undiscovered, technically recoverable gas resources within gas hydrates in northern Alaska.This Demographic Data dataset, published at 1:100000 (1in=8333ft) scale, was produced all or in part from Other information as of 1992. It is described as 'U.S. Census 1990 Rhode Island Data; Sample Count & Source Data ;s44dbs92; U.S. Census 1990 pop, housing, economic, education, ethnic origin, and employment information by town, tract, and block group level as derived from U.S. Census STF3a'. The extent of these data is generally Statewide Coverage in Rhode Island. This metadata was auto-generated through the Ramona GIS Inventory System (www.gisinventory.net) and does not represent all information about this data set.This summer, an interdisciplinary scientific team spent 9 days aboard the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution's research vessel Atlantis II and used the deep-sea manned submersible Alvin to explore three volcanic seamounts in the New England Seamount chain (Bear, Kelvin, and Manning seamounts). This diverse group of explorers included a scientific complement of ichthyologists, geneticists, reproductive biologists, oceanographers, and a hydrographer, along with educators, program managers, two journalists, several graduate students, and even a scientific illustrator. Because of their isolation, seamounts act as an oasis in an otherwise barren landscape, and are known to harbor species found nowhere else. Since most seamounts in the New England chain have never been explored scientifically, there was great potential for new discoveries during this expedition.Chemical, physical and profile oceanographic data were collected aboard the F. G. Walton Smith in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-06-01 to 2010-06-06 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069115)Water level records are a combination of the fluctuations of the ocean and the vertical land motion at the location of the station. Monthly mean sea level (MSL) variations were analyzed for 128 stations of the National Ocean Service's (NOS) National Water Level Observation Network (NWLON) having between 30 and 146 years of data. The sea level variations determined are the linear trend, the average seasonal cycle, and the interannual variability at each station. Monthly data up to the end of 2006 were used in the calculation and all stations had data spanning a period of 30 years or more. Since the derived trends include the local vertical land motion, they are spatially variable. Calculated MSL trends range from 9.85 mm/yr for Grand Isle, LA to -16.68 mm/yr for Skagway AK, and are consistent with previous trends published by NOS. Available data from this project include time series plots for each station of the monthly MSL with the seasonal cycle removed, a 5-month average, and the linear trend with its 95% confidence interval which was obtained after accounting for the average seasonal cycle; the seasonal cycle; the Interannual variation of mean sea level for all data to 2006; and the Interannual variation from 1980 to the present (updated monthly). The location and timing of any major earthquakes near stations in tectonically-active areas are noted since an associated vertical offset or a change in MSL trend is possible.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Scientific software providing graphical displays of data in NetCDF format as spatial overlays on a three-dimensional globe and views of grid-cell values in tabular form.The US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the TurboWin Version 5.0 program and structures data in the IMMT-4 format.We identified six compounds at concentrations less than human-health benchmarks, but within a factor of 10 of those limits. Those compounds might warrant further study to understand their transport and fate within the watershed.This dataset contains counts and percentages of blood lead levels among children tested for lead poisoning during 2007-2009 within California . The data are stratified by county, age , and blood lead level. The dataset also includes counts and percentages of age of housing from the 2000 Census.WMSHow has the channel shape and path changed in response to reservoirs and other human disturbances affecting the streamflow?The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.USGS water resources home page for North Carolina with links to hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, floods, droughts, precipitation, and water quality plus district information.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2008-09-29; Survey End: 2008-09-29; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geospatial data is comprised of water, barren, shrubland, vegetation, wetlands and other selected map features.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpWMSWMSThe Vegetation Drought Response Index is a drought monitoring and mapping tool integrating satellite observations of vegetation and climate with land cover, soil characteristics, and other environmental factors.This study of untreated groundwater indicates the number of samples in which inorganic or organic constituents occur in high or moderate in concentration. The study does not indicate significant problems in groundwater quality here.WMSThis dataset comprises the locations of volcanoes and volcanic centers in Alaska.Logger records from the Networked Info-mechanical Systems (NIMS), Transect length: ~50m The data was recorded using a CR3000 logger. The sensor trolley was equipped with instruments for recording the distance to vegetation canopy (SR50a Sonic Distance, Campbell Scientific), up- and downwelling short- and longwave radiation (CNR4 net radiometer, Kipp & Zonen), air temperature and surface temperature (SI-111 IR radiometer, Apogee Instruments Inc.) and spectral reflection (Jaz Combo-2, Ocean Optics; GreenSeeker RT100 (505), NTech).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Great and Little Miami River Basins form a National Water Quality Assessment (NAWQA) Program study unit for studying the status, trends, and changes affecting the nation's water quality. Site links to data, publications, maps, and results.Search Databib RepositoriesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Rocks representing a variety of tectonic and depositional environments outcrop along the canal and towpath and reveal the geologic history of the central Appalachian region from the Mesoproterozoic to Jurassic Period.The Integrated Science Data Management (ISDM) office processes oceanographic profiles reported for the world oceans in near real-time from the Global Telecommunications System (GTS) for the Global Temperature and Salinity Profile Program (GTSPP). These data also support the activities of the Ship of Opportunity Programme Implementation Panel (SOOPIP) and the WOCE Upper Ocean Thermal Program (WOCE UOT). The ISDM sends a copy of these data to the US NODC three times each week.Postcard available for downloading and printing.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderUSGS water resources home page for Wyoming with links to detailed hydrologic studies and long-term and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, droughts, and water quality plus district and publications information.WMSIPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2012-02-08; Survey End: 2012-02-08; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: DGPS;We estimated mean volumes of 2.2 trillion cubic feet (TCF) of undiscovered natural gas and 15 million barrels of oil (MMBO) in the using a geology-based assessment methodology.Search this site using open search ...This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.Characteristics and effects of a flood in this area.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 3 towboard surveys (5.6952 km in length), were conducted at Lehua Rock during the Main Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise HI0505 from "14 July?25 July, 31 July- 7 August 2005". Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.This dataset is a result of the California Ocean Uses Atlas Project: a collaboration between NOAA's National Marine Protected Areas Center and Marine Conservation Biology Institute. The Project was designed to enhance ocean management through geospatial data on the full range of significant human uses of California's ocean environment from the shoreline to the 200 nm EEZ boundary. Data was gathered from regional ocean experts and users through participatory GIS methods.The California Ocean Uses Atlas Project fills a critical information gap in ocean management by providing an unprecedented, comprehensive, consistent and spatially explicit picture of human uses for management agencies, policy makers and stakeholders interested in sound and equitable ocean governance. Using participatory GIS concepts and applications, the Atlas Project generated spatial data and map products illustrating patterns, intensity, and temporal changes in a wide range of human uses in three broad categories of use: (i) fishing, (ii) non-consumptive, and (iii) industrial activities. The resulting datasets depict patterns of ocean use on a broad scale appropriate for a variety of ocean planning and management needs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThis marine geophysical survey undertaken by Institute of Geological Sciences (BGS) took place in August 1972 in the Malin/Clyde areas on board the M.V. Researcher. The survey was carried out as part of a regional mapping programme. Data were gathered for Project:72/6 using the following Navigation: Decca Main Chain; MS32 Echo-sounder; Gravitymeter: La Coste and Romberg - the output was poor, Askania GSS-3 - The meter performed badly in rough seas; Magnetometer; Pinger and Sparker, 1000 nautical miles were covered in a grid of 55 lines. These data are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS Internal Report WB/ MG/72/37.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Layered GeoPDF Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.Examples showing the use of historical satellite imagery for assessing the extent and severity of landscape hazards such as fires and floods.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) contains a seamless mosaic of the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecasts of air temperature. In collaboration with NWS National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) and NWS Weather Forecast Offices (WFO), the central NDFD server ingests 5-km, 2-dimensional grids of air temperature, and creates experimental forecast data mosaics for the coterminous United States (CONUS), Alaska, Hawaii, and Guam.WMSThese data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.182 (a), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart I - Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic Region, Gear restricted areas, Special Management Zones (SMZs) as of 1/21/2014.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThe dealer reporting databases contain the primary data reported by federally permitted seafood dealers in the northeast. Electronic reporting was implemented May 1, 2004.This is a fishery-independent survey that collects data on reef fish in southeast US waters using multiple gears, including chevron traps, video cameras, ROVs, longlines, and acoustics. This project is also collecting information on hardbottom habitats using video cameras, ROVs, and acoustics gears.Data on 60 of the 527 known carbonatites in the world, providing reliable quantitative data on ore tonnages and grades of niobium and REE.MSDIS staff provided project management and worked with the Mid-MO RPC to locate "structures" within their region. MSDIS staff identified and located all binary structures and compiled them into a spatial database. That data was then given to Mid-MO RPC for review, with the option of validating and attributing the data. Annual review and maintenance of the database will occur with the assistance of local government and emergency management partners. An annually updated version of this database will be provided to MSDIS for dissemination to other state and federal agencies. Boone county was revised after review. For the second iteration of Boone county, GRC staff used a combination of Boone County situs points, City of Columbia situs points, and MSDIS 2011 Boone Structure Points as a base layer in the project. This layer was made by merging all situs points within 25 feet of a MSDIS 2011 Boone Structure Point into one point. This data layer was named GRC_BOCO_Merged. GRC staff then edited this layer by identifying structures using Bing imagery overlay in ArcMap 10 and MSDIS 2008 2-foot imagery.Data from some 7,000 wells monitoring annual water level changes in the High Plains aquifer indicting changes in water level 1980 to 2002.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.We estimated means of 147.4 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas, 2.4 billion barrels of undiscovered oil, and 2.96 billion barrels of undiscovered natural gas liquids in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.This map layer contains impervious surface data for Hawaii, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection and at a resolution of 100 meters. The impervious surface data were derived from the National Land Cover Database (NLCD) 2001 percent developed imperviousness data set, a product of the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics Consortium (MRLC). The MRLC is a multi-agency cooperative effort to study land cover change. The NLCD 2001 is described at .This data set represents the most recent changes for the Wind Development Planning Areas in the Atlantic. Wind Planning Areas in this dataset represent up to six different types of announcements within the US Federal Register that can be used to show the current status of an area that is being considered for Wind Power Development. Individual projects are listed by state below. Previous Wind Planning Areas that are now designated as leases can be found on the BOEM Leases Shapefile. Metadata for the leases can be found here. MassachusettsThe Wind Energy Area is located off the coast of Massachusetts beginning approximately 12 nmi south of Martha's Vineyard and 13 nautical miles southwest of Nantucket. It covers an area of approximately 300,672 hectares (742,974 acres).Federal Register notices12/29/2010  Request for Interest(RFI)02/06/2012  Call for Information02/06/2012 - Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement05/30/2012  Wind Energy Area(WEA)11/02/2012  Environmental Assessment(EA)06/17/2014 - Proposed Sale Notice (PSN) For more information: Massachusetts State Activities Home PageNew YorkThe New York Power Authority (NYPA), Long Island Power Authority (LIPA), and Consolidated Edison (ConEd) worked together to propose an offshore wind power project south of Long Island, approximately 13 nmi off Rockaway Peninsula. On September 8, 2011, BOEM received an unsolicited request for a commercial lease from NYPA. The area is approximately 32,832 hectares (81,129 acres)Federal Register notices01/04/2013 Request for Interest(RFI)For more information: New York State Activities Home PageNew JerseyThe New Jersey WEA is located offshore New Jersey beginning approximately 7 nautical miles (nmi) from shore and extends 23 nmi seaward. The area is approximately 139,104 hectares (343,732) acres.Federal Register notices04/20/2011  Call for Information07/17/2014 Proposed Sale NoticeFor more information: New Jersey State Activities Home PageMarylandIn November 2010, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) initiated the leasing process offshore Maryland by issuing a Request for Interest (RFI) to gauge industry s interest in obtaining commercial wind leases in an area offshore of Maryland. The western edge of the Call Area is approximately 10 nautical miles from the Ocean City, Md., coast, and the eastern edge is approximately 23 nautical miles from the same location. The longest part of the north/south portion is approximately 13 nautical miles and the longest part of the east/west portion is approximately 13 nautical miles. The entire area is approximately 32,256 hectares (79,706 acres).MD Federal Register notices11/09/2010  Request for Interest(RFI)02/03/2012  Call for Information02/03/2012 - Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement12/18/2013 - Proposed Sale Notice07/03/2014 - Final Sale NoticeFor more information: Maryland State Activities Home PageNorth CarolinaThe NC Call Areas are located in 3 sections along the NC coast. Call Area Kitty Hawk offshore North Carolina contains approximately 138 whole OCS blocks and 36 partial blocks. The boundary begins 6 miles from the shore and extends roughly 34 nautical miles seaward at its longest point. It extends from north to south approximately 45 nautical miles. The entire area is approximately 355,248 hectares. Call Area Wilmington-West offshore North Carolina contains approximately 6 whole OCS blocks and 9 partial blocks. The boundary begins 7 miles from the shore and extends roughly 11 nautical miles seaward. It extends from east to west approximately 15 nautical miles. The entire area is approximately 26,784 hectares. Call Area Wilmington-East offshore North Carolina contains approximately 51 whole OCS blocks and 15 partial blocks. The boundary begins 13 miles from the shore andextends roughly 28 nautical miles seaward. It extends from east to west approximately 21 nautical miles. The entire area is approximately 111,984 hectares.NC Federal Register notices12/13/2012  Call for Information02/05/2013  Call for Information (reopening of comment period)For more information: North Carolina State Activities Home PageGeorgiaBOEM has received and is processing an application from Southern Company for an Interim Policy lease approximately 3 to 11 nautical miles off the coast of Tybee Island, Georgia that would authorize the installation and operation of a meteorological tower and/or buoy.Georgia Federal Register noticesEnvironmental Assessment  April 1, 2014For more information: Georgia State Activities Home PageFloridaUnder the 2007 BOEM Interim Policy for authorization of the installation of offshore data collection and technology testing facilities on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS), BOEM identified four proposed lease areas (PLAs) offshore Florida. One applicant, Florida Atlantic University Southeast National Marine Renewable Energy Center, has submitted an Interim Policy lease application for technology testing and resource assessment within three OCS blocks in PLA 1. Georgia Federal Register noticesRevised Environmental Assessment  August, 2013For more information: Florida State Activities PageVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.This report is the result of an extensive literature search to determine the state-of-the-knowledge regarding environmental impacts from quarrying carbonate rocks in karst formations to better use of karst resources in sustainable ways.Site has links to Death Valley's geologic history, rocks and minerals, geologic time, geologic maps.Search HEA Learner Differences on Brookes WikiThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data series contains 24 1:250,000-scale Digital Raster Graphic tiles. The data cover all of Idaho. The Digital Raster Graphic (DRG) is a raster image of a scanned USGS topographic map including the collar information, georeferenced to the UTM grid. The bounding coordinates are not specific to individual DRGs but rather to the entire state.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. The subject file contains location information for four-year universities in the state of Arkansas. These locations were derived from 2001 Arkansas Department of Higher Education data.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. NRI Mapping Polygon boundaries for the conterminous United States.Here we study effects of climate and groundwater on surface-water levels, the hydrological effects on wetland water chemistry, and the combined effects of climate, hydrology, and water chemistry on plant and animal communities of prairie pothole wetlands.USGS Imagery Topo is a topographic tile cache base map with orthoimagery as a backdrop, and combines the most current data (Boundaries, Names, Transportation, Elevation, Hydrography, and other themes) that make up The National Map. Contours generated for the US Topo product are included and are visible along with other data to the 1:18,000 zoom scale. This product is designed to provide a seamless view of the data, closely resembling The National Map's US Topo (GeoPDF) product at large scales, in a GIS accessible format. Orthoimagery data are typically high resolution aerial images that combine the visual attributes of an aerial photograph with the spatial accuracy and reliability of a map. Digital orthoimage resolution may vary from 6 inches to 1 meter. In the former resolution, every pixel in an orthoimage covers a six inch square of the earth's surface, while in the latter resolution, one meter square is represented by each pixel. Blue Marble: Next Generation and Landsat imagery data sources are displayed at small to medium scales, however, the majority of the imagery service source is from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP) for the conterminous United States. The data is 1-meter pixel resolution with "leaf-on". Collection of NAIP imagery is administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA). In areas where NAIP data is not available other imagery may be acquired through partnerships by the USGS. The National Map Program is working on acquisition of large scale imagery for the nonconterminous States of Alaska and Hawaii. For the most part, any new Alaska orthoimagery data will not be available in this service due to license restrictions.Oregon Data | Opening Oregon's DataDescribes the types and sources of materials used to build some of the most famous landmarks in Washington D.C.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The work developed baseline information on fish and benthic communities within the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary (FGBNMS). Surveys employed diving, technical diving, ROV, and hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of the fish and benthic habitat communities of the East and West Bank. The FGBNMS represents the northernmost tropical western Atlantic coral reef on the continental shelf and support the most highly developed offshore hard bank community in the region. The complexity of habitats supports a diverse assemblage of organisms including approximately 250 species of fish, 23 species of coral, and 80 species of algae in addition to large sponge communities. Understanding and monitoring these resources is critical to both sanctuary inventory and management activities. During the course of the sanctuary's management plan review process, the impact of fishing was identified as a priority issue, and the concept of a research only area was suggested. The purpose of this project will be to provide baseline data for all benthic habitats and communities.WMSRare earth element use is changing with technology. This report explains how we use them and the prospects for recycling these important commodities.A Hydrologic Area of Concern (HAC) is a land area surrounding a water source, which is intended to include the portion of the watershed in which land uses are likely to have the greatest impact on water quality at the water supply intake.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Galapagos Coral Stable Oxygen Calibration Data. Sites: Bartolome Island: 0 deg, 17'S, 90 deg 33' W. Champion Island: 1 deg, 15'S, 90 deg, 05' W. Urvina Bay (Isabela Island): 0 deg, 23'S, 91 deg, 14'W. Water depth: Bartolome - 3m; Champion - 10m; Urvina- 3m. Species: Bartolome - bart1, bart2, Pavona clavus; bart3, Pavona gigantea; bart4, Porites lobata. Champion - champ1, Pavona gigantea. Urvina Bay - ur1, ur2, ur3, Pavona clavus. Study conducted at three sites in Archipelago: del18Ocoral refers to del18O (PDB) of coral skeleton. del18O h2O refers to del18O (SMOW) seawater. sst refers to monthly sea surface temperatures averaged from hourly instrumental data from each site. salinity values represent monthly means averaged from hourly instrumental data from each site.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Research project to close gaps in our knowledge about the attitudes and perceptions, or nonmonetary values, held by coastal residents for ecosystem services, particularly for cultural services.EGN has published Ebola Cases in Guinea on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.This dataset consists of the medium-resolution NHD (National Hydrography Dataset), developed at 1:100,000 scale. This dataset was created using the NHDPlus tool, developed by Horizon Systems Corporation. The NHDPlus tool uses the Strahler method of Stream Order Classification. This method classifies streams based on where they lie in relation to other streams in a watershed.Google Custom Search of MongoDB documentation and wiki Google Custom Search of MongoDB documentation (docs.mongodb.org) and wiki (www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS)Planned analysis of the sensitivity of groundwater levels to changes in air temperature and precipitation. Changes in groundwater recharge and discharge also will be correlated with other hydrologic indicators.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This database contains the PIN information for all federally permitted vessels in the NERO.Approximate locations of 392 polar bear maternal dens found between 1910 and 2010, along with the method and year of discovery.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesDescription of education materials on mapping and other earth science topics with links to publications in HTML and PDF for downloading and information on obtaining paper and CD-ROM products.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Buck Island channel, along the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Web interface for a database of documented occurrences of lichens in units of the U. S. National Park System. The records were obtained from the scientific literature, from National Park Service reports, and from selected herbaria.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophoto quarter quadrangle (DOQQ) is a1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQQ is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between January 15th and March 31st in 2006.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.National-scale geochemical analysis of water samples in the US collected and analyzed under the National Uranium Resource Evaluation program.An oil and gas industry site survey acquired between March and April 2001. The block number traversed was 44/22.The Rotating Shadowband Spectroradiometer (RSS) implements the same automated shadowbanding technique used by the multifilter rotating shadowband radiometer (MFRSR), and so it too provides spectrally-resolved, direct-normal, diffuse-horizontal, and total-h orizontal irradiances, and can be calibrated in-situ via Langley regression. The irradiance spectra are measured simultaneously at all spectral elements (pixels) in 360-nm to 1050-nm range.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.postdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemWMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWe conduct systematic imaging of reef habitats in order to provide regulatory agencies with information they need to decide whether those reefs should be designated as protected areas.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GIMP Developer Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is the Coral Reef Watch Ocean Acidification Product Suite produced monthly in conjunction with NOAA CoastWatch. CoastWatch Utilities, including CoastWatch Data Analysis Tool (CDAT), v3.2.1 or higher (http://coastwatch.noaa.gov/cw_software.html) can be used for viewing, analyzing, and plotting the data.Girlstart - Empowering Girls in Math, Science and TechnologyWell log observations in MarylandAutonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) are increasingly being used to collect physical, chemical, and biological information in the marine environment. Recent efforts have been made to merge AUV technology with acoustic telemetry to provide information on the distribution and movements of marine fish. During 2010, we conducted a study in coastal waters near Juneau, Alaska to determine the feasibility of using AUVs to locate marine species under rigorous field conditions, and to compare this approach with traditional vessel-based tracking. Tracking surveys were conducted with a REMUS 100 AUV equipped with an integrated acoustic receiver and hydrophone. The AUV was programmed to navigate along predetermined routes to detect acoustic transmitters within the area. Comparable surveys were conducted with a boat equipped with acoustic tracking gear. Moorings with transmitters at 20-500 m were deployed to provide acoustic targets at known locations and depths. Marine fishes and crabs were tagged to provide mobile targets. Transmitter depth had a major impact on tracking performance. The AUV was equally effective or better detecting reference transmitters in shallow water, and significantly better than the boat for transmitters at deeper depths. Similar results were observed for the tagged animals. Crabs at moderate depths were recorded by both tracking methods, while only the AUV detected fish at depths exceeding 500 m. The AUV periodically had difficulty navigating and maintaining course due to the strong currents and extreme depths in the area. AUVs with greater cruising speeds, increased operating depths, and improved navigation would enhance AUV performance in marine environments.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSNAIP imagery is acquired annually with the total coverage being determined by available funds from FSA and funding partners, considering FSA priorities. The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the contiguous U.S (lower 48 states). The NAIP provides 1-meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery or optional (with partner buy-up) 1/2-meter GSD ortho imagery, with a horizontal accuracy of +/- 6 meters to true ground. The data deliverables consist of DOQQ tiles and Compressed County Mosaics formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. NAIP imagery is generally acquired in projects covering full states, and is typically available for distribution within 60 days of the end of a flying season. It is intended to provide current information of agricultural conditions in support of USDA farm programs. It is also used by federal cost share partners to meet their mission needs. The 2015-2016 Planned Acquisition Map shown here may change depending on funding. For more information about possibly becoming a NAIP funding partner, please contact APFO, Bridget Barlow at bridget.barlow@slc.usda.govThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.To store data submitted electronically by SC/OQ dealers.Aging studies based upon biological samples have become increasingly important for stock assessments. This database records the results of age determinations from hardparts, i.e. otoliths and spines, from the National Marine Fisheries' Trip Interview Program (TIP) and other scientific surveys.The US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the SEAS v9.1 program and structures data in the IMMT-5 format.Geospatial hydrologic and reference data covering the upper Mississippi River, provided in formats appropriate to geographic information systems (GIS) and used in long-term resource monitoring of the area.Free Software Directory (en)Deck41 is a digital summary of surficial sediment composition for 36,401 seafloor samples worldwide. Data include collecting source, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, dominant lithology, secondary lithology, and a brief description of the surficial sediment at the location. Descriptions were abstracted largely from unpublished laboratory reports and core log sheets contributed to the National Oceanographic Data Center prior to 1975. Descriptions were assigned by Ms. Susie Bershad,and Dr. Martin Weiss of the Marine Geology and Geophysics Branch of NODC, which was transferred to the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in 1976, at which time compilation ceased. Data are free for online search and download.N/AThe Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) has the responsibility to assure that adequate highway transportation information is available to support its functions and responsibilities, including those of the Administration and the Congress. The primary purpose of the Highway Performance Monitoring System (HPMS) is to serve these data and information needs (NTAD 2014). The HPMS provides data that reflects the extent, condition, performance, use, and operating characteristics of the nation's highways. The HPMS by itself is not geospatial data. It is linked to another FHWA dataset, the National Highway Planning Network (NHPN), through linear referencing. The NHPN provides the geospatial component of this dataset. The hpms data on the 2014 NTAD represents 2012 hpms. 2012 is the latest complete compilation of hpms data.The USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) Downloadable Data Collection from The National Map (TNM) is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. For additional information on NHD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.This image represents a 1 meter resolution bathymetry of the reef shelf and the steep slopes of the Southwest Shelf (H12640) and Lang Bank (H12639) of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. The M-I907-NF-14 survey was a continuation of the NOAA Biogeography Branch's Seafloor Mapping of the US Caribbean project. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in St. Croix between March 12th and April 2, 2014. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (400 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected using Hypack 2014 acquisition software. The project was conducted to meet IHO order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.NERACOOS supports data collected from buoys in the Gulf of Maine and Long Island Sound. The six Gulf of Maine buoys carry a comprehensive sensor suite that includes the full complement of meteorological sensors carried by the standard NDBC buoys, and in addition commonly include atmospheric visibility, surface currents, water-column current profiles, temperature and conductivity, and fluorescence (for chlorophyll a estimation) and backscatter at multiple depths. In Long Island Sound, three buoys that measure wind speed and direction, circulation, salinity, temperature and dissolved oxygen. Two buoys will be located in western LIS (WLIS and EXRK stations) and the third will be in the Central Sound (CLIS). The buoys will be equipped with three YSI-SeaBird sensors to measure conductivity, temperature, pressure and dissolved oxygen concentration near the surface, bottom and mid-depth. A buoy in Great Bay measures physical, optical, meteorological and wave data.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) data incorporates all Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map(DFIRM) databases published by FEMA, and any Letters Of Map Revision (LOMRs) that have been issued against those databases since their publication date. The DFIRM Database is the digital, geospatial version of the flood hazard information shown on the published paper Flood Insurance Rate Maps(FIRMs). The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The NFHL data are derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000. The NFHL data contain layers in the Standard DFIRM datasets except for S_Label_Pt and S_Label_Ld. The NFHL is available as State or US Territory data sets. Each State or Territory data set consists of all DFIRMs and corresponding LOMRs available on the publication date of the data set.This digital spatial data set provides information on the spatial distribution of potential runoff-contributing areas in Kansas. Potential runoff-contributing areas were estimated collectively for the processes of infiltration-excess overland flow and saturation-excess overland flow. For infiltration-excess overland flow, various rainfall-intensity and soil-permeability values were used. For saturation-excess overland flow, antecedent soil-moisture conditions and a topographic wetness index were used. The digital data sets used in the analysis included 1:24,000-scale soils data (U.S. Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1996) and the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) 100-meter-resolution digital elevation model (DEM) (U.S. Geological Survey, 1993). The data set of potential runoff-contributing areas is in grid (raster) format with a grid-cell size of 10,000 square meters.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Field trip to Powder River Basin coalbed methane (CBM) development areas showing impacts related to drilling, facilities, pipeline networks, access roads, withdrawal, and disposal of co-produced water from CBM wells.NGDC manages a wide variety of geophysical data including trackline and survey data as two distinct types. Multibeam data tend to bridge these data models depending on scale and track pattern. One of NGDC's geophysical data holdings is the MBBDB system which has been assembled as an online data base using existing Commercial and Government Off-The-Shelf (COTS and GOTS) software systems: ORACLE, ArcGIS, Generic Mapping Tools (GMT), MB-System, and Autochart. The MBBDB is a world wide compilation of mulitbeam bathymetric data.WV.gov Search Search West Virginia State Government Web Sites and InformationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Use LANCE-MODIS Dataset Search to obtain a list of Near-Real-Time Earth Science Data SetsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Habitat maps were created as part of a larger ecological assessment conducted by NOAA's National Ocean Service (NOS), Biogeography Program, for Salt River Bay National Historic Park and Ecological Preserve (National Park Service). Aerial photographs were obtained for 2000 from the National Geodetic Survey, and were orthorectified by the Biogeography Program. A classification scheme was set up with 20 benthic habitat types, 19 land cover types, and 13 mangrove habitat types. These habitats were mapped directly into a GIS system through visual interpretation of orthorectified aerial photographs.The peak discharge of a flood can be estimated from the elevation of high-water marks near the inlet and outlet of a culvert after the flood has occurred. This type of discharge estimate is called an indirect measurement because it relies on evidencWind wave spectra and other data were collected using moored buoy in the East/West Coast of United States, South Pacific Ocean, Gulf of Mexico, and Great Lakes. Data were collected from 01 September 2000 to 30 September 2000.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationAnalyses to establish the background and baseline geochemistry for bedrock and soil in the region, and to determine terrestrial mercury sources and sinks in the parkAtlassian Confluence Search ProviderNOAA CoastWatch provides surface temperature products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites. This product is provided before cloudmasking, and will contain sea surface temperature, land surface temperature, and cloud temperature data.Contaminants from mines move more easily from ore materials and mine waste piles to surrounding estuaries and living organisms when water moves through the mine site. Geochemical results shown here will help people mitigate the negative effects.Die InForMe Business Software besteht aus 3 Grundbausteinen. Einer App f r Ihre Kunden, einer f r Ihr Personal und einer PC-Software f r die Steuerung Ihrer Marketing-Aktionen.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationPelagic nekton communities are among the most ecologically and economically important components of marine ecosystems worldwide. From sardines and anchovies to squid and mackerel, these species are at once the object of dedicated and emerging fisheries and links connecting lower and higher trophic levels in the coastal ocean. These characteristics make an understanding of the dynamics of pelagic nekton communities fundamental to nascent ecosystem-based fisheries management efforts. There is a need to better understand the possibility of climatic variability inducing unexpected responses, such as different species co-occurring and the development of no-analog future communities. This research aims to develop new indicators that will describe how the pelagic nekton communities in the NCC have responded to climatic forcing during the period 1998-2011, with the twin goals of providing critical ecosystem information for fisheries management and expanding the availability of indicators for Integrated Ecosystem Assessments. This project will directly contribute to FATE's goal of creating indices of ecosystem properties and processes that reflect the condition of the ecosystem and the potential for changes in the distribution and habitats of the economically and ecologically important fish stocks in the California Current. This work will help support the Pacific Fisheries Management Council, as they have started to incorporate ecosystem information into fisheries management. New indicators of ecosystem conditions and properties that will describe how the pelagic nekton communities in the NCC have responded to climatic forcing during the period 1998-2011.This web site is an outgrowth of an agreement between the USGS and the New England Aquarium, designed to summarize and make available results of scientific research. It will also present educational material of interest to wide audiences.Explains how remote sensing data are used to understand the current extent and likely future of an invasive plant, in this case a bush.The Maryland Environmental Trust (MET) is a statewide local land trust governed by a citizen Board of Trustees. Since its creation by the General Assembly in 1967, MET's main goal is the preservation of open land, such as farmland, forest land, and significant natural resources. The primary tool for doing this is the conservation easement, a voluntary agreement between a landowner and the MET Board of Trustees.Current activity, hazards, and history of eruptions of Kilauea Volcano.The USGS compiles online access to water-resources data collected at approximately 1.5 million sites in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.Site on the Chlorofluorocarbon Laboratory and its analytical services for CFCs, sulfur hexafluoride, dissolved gases including nitrogen, argon, methane, carbon dioxide, oxygen, and helium, and tritium/helium-3 dating.Science center in Florida focusing on amphibians and reptiles, coastal ecology, contaminants and ecotoxicology, imperiled fish, manatees, and invasive speciesGo to a W3C Public Mailing ListThis data set contains values for Nationally Consistent Data and Measures (NCDMs) designated by the national Environmental Public Health Tracking Program and indicators developed by the State Environmental Health Indicators Collaborative, Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists. These indicators and measures are derived from U.S. EPA, EPA Air Explorer (http://epa.gov/mxplorer/index.htm). These measures describe short- and long-term exposures to PM2.5, PM10, and ozone, calculated for California counties.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These grain size data were generated as part of the Outer Continental Shelf Environmental Assessment Program (OCSEAP), funded by NOAA. Data were contributed by the University of Alaska, the University of South Carolina, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and the US Geological Survey with funding from NOAA.Data in this set may contain errors. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Search MIT - Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyWFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for Bernalillo County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (a12dc6cb-9d24-44c6-b7a3-e84948fb3052)GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThis data set contains OCS block outlines (clipped) to the GOM Planning Area Boundary in ArcGIS shape file format for the BOEM Gulf of Mexico Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/uploadedFiles/BOEM/Oil_and_Gas_Energy_Program/Mapping_and_Data/99-0006.pdfContains the block polygons clipped on the fedstate (SLA-boundary) as of March 15, 2013. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files. Shape files put at \\\\\\\\imsnolna04\\\\le\\\\shared\\\\GISPublicInfo.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesTIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Digital elevation models (DEMs) of U.S. coasts that integrate ocean bathymetry and land topography to support NOAA's mission to understand and predict changes in Earth's environment, and conserve and manage coastal and marine resources to meet our Nation's economic, social, and environmental needs. These models, built and distributed by NOAA?s National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC), utilize bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. National Ocean Service (NOS), the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to a variety of vertical tidal datums, generally mean high water (MHW) or North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88), and a horizontal datum of North American Datum of 1983 (NAD 83) or World Geodetic System 1984 (WGS84). DEM cell sizes range from high-resolution models (1/9 to 1/3 arc-second; ~3 to 10 meters) that support coastal inundation studies, to regional models (roughly 3 to 24 arc-seconds) that extend farther offshore, to global models (1 arc-minute; ~2 km).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, andPrediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation aspart of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE) Program. The CLIMAP 18k bp sediment data files were compiled by Oregon State University, and include the work of several major institutions. The files contain micropaleontology in the form of faunal counts of diatoms, planktonic foraminifera, coccoliths, and radiolaria, as well as stratigraphy (percent fine, coarse, total carbonate, oxygen 18 and carbon 13), and geochemistry (percent opal, quartz, and organic carbon), and inferred sea surface temperatures for 635 ocean sediment cores. Data are primarily from the period 18,000 years bp to the present. Time data give upper and lower samples depths, technique, and C14 dates (for total sample, coarse fraction, and fine fraction). Age estimates are given in thousands of years with upper and lower age error estimates. In addition, each data records contains station information. The CLIMAP 18k data set is available for direct download via the NGDC Web server.In early 1996, Quester Tangent Corporation (QTC) and the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) Alaska Fisheries Science Center (in Seattle) formed a strategic alliance to apply QTC seabed classification technology to the problem of groundfish habitat descriptions. The Bering Sea supports about 300 fish species, many of which are demersal species. This stock supports sizeable fisheries, as indicated by landings at the Bering Sea port of Dutch Harbor in excess of 579 million pounds in 1996 and 678 million pounds in 1999 (the highest in the U.S.). By comparison, in 1981 the landing at Dutch Harbor was 73 million pounds. This rapid increase in catch highlights the need for effective management to ensure sustainability. After connecting the QTC VIEW full waveform acquisition system (ISAH-S) to the Simrad EK-500 scientific echosounder on the NOAA ship Miller Freeman, over 9,000 miles of track line data were collected in the eastern Bering Sea between June and August 1999. The raw data consist of digital echo traces of the full water column and seabed substrate. They were collected at two frequencies, 38 kHz and 120 kHz. Based on an average rate of one ping recorded per second, approximately four million individual echoes at each frequency were obtained. The data within this raster set represent the results of processing channel 38_12, which incorporated the 38 kHz frequency data, using a reference depth of 90 meters and stacks of 50 echoes to create a single classified data point through the PCA analysis. A rasterized grid was created from each Q value and then grid stacked to allow RGB representation of each data point in continous Q- space as opposed to categorical class.DIVA-GIS has published Administrative Areas Level 0 in Guinea on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.Describes the monitoring effort and provides real-time data of the current restless activity of the caldera, including earthquakes, ground deformation, and release of volcanic gas and plus link to volcano monitoring techniques.This map layer shows polygons of average annual precipitation in the contiguous United States, for the climatological period 1990-2009. Parameter-elevation Regressions on Independent Slopes Model (PRISM) derived raster data is the underlying data set from which the polygons and vectors were created. PRISM is an analytical model that uses point data and a digital elevation model (DEM) to generate gridded estimates of annual, monthly and event-based climatic parameters.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on Ephemeroptera (mayflies)Interactive map of the Gulf of Mexico coast reflecting shoreline changes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search all of the databases contained in UNdata.Welcome to the *CEH WIKI* using Confluence. The enterprise wiki is designed to make it easy for you and your project/programme team to share information with each other, and with the world. *Where do I start?* All content in Confluence is organised into _spaces_ (see below). So to start browsing content, simply click on one of the spaces listed below. Please Note that you may not have permissions to view all the spaces. Search CEH WikiThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Surface ocean velocities estimated from HF-Radar are representitive of the upper 0.3 - 2.5 meters of the ocean. The main objective of near-real time processing is to produce the best product from available data at the time of processing. Radial velocity measurements are obtained from individual radar sites through the HF-Radar Network and processed to create near-real time velocities (RTVs)Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.Summary of study to document the impact of Hurricane Isabel in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, near Cape Hatteras. Methods included pre- and post-storm photography, videography, and lidar.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemAifbportal (de)Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.This project merged recently collected topographic, bathymetric, and acoustic elevation data along the entire California coastline from approximately the 10 meter elevation contour out to California's 3 mile state water's boundary. This metadata record describes the Digital Elevation Model (DEM) created from the lidar and multibeam data. The DEM has a 1m cell size. Topographic LiDAR:The topographic lidar data used in this merged project was the 2009-2011 CA Coastal Conservancy Lidar Project. The data were collected between October 2009 and August 2011. This collection was a joint effort by the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC); the California State Coastal Conservancy (SCC) Ocean Protection Council (OPC); Scripps Institution of Oceanography; and the Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX). The data coverage extends landward 500 m from the shoreline, along the entire California coastline. The LAS classifications are as follows: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise, 9-Water, 10- Mudflats, 12-Overlap. The LAS points were manually re-classified from water and unclassified to ground in offshore areas where necessary. Bathymetric LiDAR: The bathymetric lidar data used in this merged project was 2009-2010 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) lidar, provided by JALBTCX. The data were collected for the California Coastal Mapping Project (CCMP). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. The LAS data were classified as follows: 21-Non-submerged Bathymetry, 22-Bathymetry, 23-Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap. Multibeam Acoustic Data: The acoustic data data used in this merged project were provided by the California Seafloor Mapping Program (CSMP) Ocean Protection Council and NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC). The original data were in ASCII format and were converted to LAS v1.2. NOAA's VDatum software was used to vertically transform soundings from mean lower low water (MLLW) tidal datum to NAVD88 orthometric datum where necessary. The LAS data were classified as follows: 25-Submerged Acoustic, 26-Ignored Submerged Acoustic/Overlap. Upon receipt of the data, the NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC) converted some of the classifications for data storage and Digital Coast provisioning purposes. The following are the classifications of data available from the NOAA Digital Coast: 1 - Unclassified, 2 - Ground, 7 - Low point (noise), 9 - Water, 11 - Bathymetry, 12 - Overlap, 13 - Submerged Acoustic, 14 - Non-Submerged Bathymetry, 15 - Ignored Submerged Bathymetry/Overlap, 16 - Ignored Submerged Acoustic/OverlapConsistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 10 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of the north shore of Buck Island, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster', with cell size 10, was used to generate the final ESRI Grid. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Summer rains have remained steady for the past 20 years, but are below the long-term average. Current population and agricultural trends indicate increasing yields have offset population expansion, keeping per capita cereal production steady.This image represents a 2 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the south shore of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. Within CARIS, each line of backscatter data was evaluated for bottom tracking and was slant-range corrected. Data was not corrected for gain or transmit power artifacts. Backscatter mosaics were then created using the CARIS shine-through option. Finally, a georeferenced imagery file was exported from the mosaic. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.The collection and analysis of water column sonar data is a relatively new avenue of research into the marine environment. Primary uses include assessing biological abundance, species identification,and habitat characterization. It is also useful for evaluating underwater gas seeps, characterizing the seafloor and bathymetry. The goals of this collection are to archive water column sonar data collected on NOAA, academic and international fleets, and to make the data available to researchers and the public around the world.The GOES Solar X-ray Imager is integrated into the GOES-12 satellite, whose primary mission is to provide Earth-weather monitoring. The SXI is operated by NOAA's National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS). NOAA's Space Environment Center (SEC) receives the telemetry stream directly from SXI, processes the data, and integrates the observations into their space weather alert and forecast services. The data are sent in real time to NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) where they are immediately made available to the public, and preserved in a secure archive for future research.SXi was launched in with GOES-M on Juy 23, 2001 Post Launch Test data were available from August - December 2001.SXI officially entered operations in April 2003.This dataset is a result of the California Ocean Uses Atlas Project: a collaboration between NOAA's National Marine Protected Areas Center and Marine Conservation Biology Institute. The Project was designed to enhance ocean management through geospatial data on the full range of significant human uses of California's ocean environment from the shoreline to the 200 nm EEZ boundary. Data was gathered from regional ocean experts and users through participatory GIS methods.The California Ocean Uses Atlas Project fills a critical information gap in ocean management by providing an unprecedented, comprehensive, consistent and spatially explicit picture of human uses for management agencies, policy makers and stakeholders interested in sound and equitable ocean governance. Using participatory GIS concepts and applications, the Atlas Project generated spatial data and map products illustrating patterns, intensity, and temporal changes in a wide range of human uses in three broad categories of use: (i) fishing, (ii) non-consumptive, and (iii) industrial activities. The resulting datasets depict patterns of ocean use on a broad scale appropriate for a variety of ocean planning and management needs.How this element is used, where we get it, and prospects for worldwide supply and demand.A custom application to provide enhanced public access to USGS's National Land Cover DatabaseFile extensions, file associations and file formats infoPhysical, current, meteorological, and other data were collected from XBT casts, buoys, and other instruments from a World-Wide distribution. Data were collected from 14 October 2002 to 30 May 2003. Data were submitted by the Marine Environmental Data Service (MEDS) in support of the Array for Real-time Geostrophic Oceanography (Argo), the Gulf of Mexico NOAA/NMFS Ship of Opportunity (SOOP), and the Global Temperature-Salinity Pilot Project (GTSPP). Physical parameters include profiles of temperature and salinity. Current parameters include current direction and speed. Meteorological parameters include dry bulb temperature, wind speed, wind direction, relative humidity, and air pressure.The Hydro-Climatic Data Network, or HCDN, consists of streamflow records for 1,659 sites throughout United States and its Territories. Records span the period 1874 through 1988, and represent a total of 73,231 water years of information.Ants represent a functionally important group of arthropods. They are central to many ecosystem processes and are actively involved in decomposition of dead wood, nutrient cycling, plant pollination, seed dispersal, and predation on other arthropods. They also provide are also prey for many wildlife species and other arthropods. The assessment of their status can provide much information useful in monitoring the integrity of biotic communities. Ant communities of nine riparian habitat types within the Big Beaver Creek Research Natural Area (BBCRNA) were sampled with pitfall traps, for five months, in 1995. A subset of five of the habitats was resampled with pitfall traps, for four months, during 1996. A total effort of 17,880 trap-days yielded 2,772 individuals, representing 22 species of ants. Ant species richness in the BBCRNA study area compared to species richness for other areas in Western Canada and the Pacific Northwest. Results indicated that there was very little difference in abundance and number of taxa collected among most the habitat types. Most habitats, with the exception of gravel bars, exhibited relatively low species richness and low abundance. Gravel bar habitats were represented by 13 of the 22 taxa collected during the study, and approximately 45% of all ant specimens collected. Most of the ant species collected in the BBCRNA study area were considered rare and / or vagrant, being collected in low abundance at few sample sites. Seven species, of the 22 taxa collected during the study, comprised over 90% of all individuals captured in each of the years sampled. Four species were considered as habitat generalists, and two species as habitat specialists - Formica pacifica and Myrmica nr. brevispinosa. Both of these species were found almost entirely at gravel bar habitat sites. Indicator values (Dufrene and Legendre 1997) associated with these two habitat specialist species were expectedly high, offering the potential for use in future habitat monitoring.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.We assembled 1.4 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings from 98 lead-line and single-beam echosounder hydrographic surveys conducted from 1910 to 1999 in Cook Inlet, Alaska. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. There were six areas where these older surveys were superseded by compilations of reduced-resolution multibeam surveys. We digitized 12,000 features, such as rocky reefs, kelp beds, rocks and islets, adding them to what was originally available, and creating the most thorough source (n = 18,000) of these typically shallow, inshore features. We also digitized 2,418 km of the mainland and 529 km of island shoreline, generally at a resolution of 1:20,000, and digitized 9,271 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets. The depth surface, shoreline, inshore features, and sediment data sets are mostly produced at a scale of 1:20,000.The ports (NTAD 2014) are politically defined by port limits or Corps projects, excluding non-Corps projects not authorized for publication. The determination for the published Principal Ports is based upon the total tonnage for the port for the particular year; therefore the top 150 list can vary from year to year.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Backscatter extracted from gridded bathymetry of the banktops and shelf environments of Rota, of Mariana Islands ArchipelagoDetailed description of The Lower Missouri River Corridor Habitat Dynamics Project studying river habitat in a heavily engineered river.Information on the Earth's crust with a contour map of the thickness plus links to a global crustal database, a global crustal model - CRUST 5.1, and regional crustal models.HLY 13-03 was a familiar mission that continued our efforts from HLY 12-03, beginning and ending in Dutch Harbor, AK. Throughout the mission we remained primarily in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas, but travelled as far east as Franklin Bay in Amundsen Gulf and conducted deployments and recoveries of subsurface moorings, benthic bottom profiling, CTD casts and the occasional Van Veen Grab.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Site to submit a question to Ask-A-Geologist where scientists research the answers to the questions, then reply directly by email.Well log observations in West VirginiaNOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Tuberculosis DatabaseWest Virginia geologic (Onondaga) faults for use in the State Geothermal Data project--AZGS, AASG, US-DOEVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.This data set contains the raw .hex files and the .cnv from conductivity temperature depth (CTD) casts conducted near Barrow, AK from August 21 - September 8, 2010. Details of the latitude, longitude, date, and time are listed in the event log that is archived at this site. Date, time, position, bottom depth, and project sample line also are listed in each file. Each CTD file is named sequentially; corresponding station numbers are listed in the event log. No CTD data were recorded at stations 45 and 46 because of battery failure so CTD files 45 and 46 are missing from the sequence. Data were collected from the research vessel R/V Annika Marie using a SeaBird (SBE) 19+ CTD sensor equipped with a Wetlabs WetStar WS3S fluorometer and Biospherical Instrument Inc. Model QSP2300 PAR/irradiance sensor sensor. No post-processing of the data was done. Fluorescence is reported as mg/m3 chlorophyll a, with conversion from volts according to factory calibrations. These values were ground-truthed to extracted chlorophyll from samples collected using Niskin bottles. The reported chlorophyll a values in the CTD files need to be corrected according to the equation: Y=0.1334X +0.1437 Where X is the value from the WetLabs Fluorometer and Y is the corrected value in mg/m3. The files have been zipped into two files for ease. The .con file used by SeaSoft also is included and is zipped into each of the files.Citizen Science Association Search Citizen Science Association - A community of practice for the field of public participation in scientific research.Through its resource registry and concept based query system, the Neuroscience Information Framework enhances neuroscience research by enabling discovery and access to research data and tools worldwide.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. The subject file represents the Arkansas portion of pipeline routes derived from 1:100,000-scale (""intermediate-scale"") Digital Line Graph data created by the USGS. Digital Line Graph (DLG) data are digital representations of cartographic information. DLG's of map features are converted to digital form from maps and related sources. Intermediate-scale DLG data are derived from USGS 1:100,000-scale 30- by 60-minute quadrangle maps. If these maps are not available, Bureau of Land Management planimetric maps at a scale of 1:100,000 are used. Intermediate-scale DLG's are broken down into five categories: 1. Public Land survey, 2. boundaries, 3. transportation 4. hydrography, and 5. hypsography.This land cover data set was produced as part of a cooperative project between the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) to produce a consistent, land cover data layer for the conterminous U.S. based on 30-meter Landsat thematic mapper (TM) data. National Land Cover Data (NLCD) was developed from TM data acquired by the Multi-resoultion Land Characterization (MRLC) Consortium. The MRLC Consortium is a partnership of federal agencies that produce or use land cover data. Partners include the USGS (National Mapping, Biological Resources, and Water Resources Divisions), USEPA, the U.S. Forest Service, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.Temperature profile and pressure data were collected using CTD casts in the North/South Pacific Ocean from NOAA Ship RONALD H. BROWN AND NOAA Ship KA'IMIMOANA from 01 June 1999 to 01 December 1999. Data were submitted by Kristene McTaggart of the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory with support from the Global Ocean Atmosphere Land System (GOALS) and Pan American Climate Studies (PACS) project.Use to search our event calendar.Search HEA Research Observatory Consultation on Brookes WikiShows where important mineral resources are located in Afghanistan, the type of deposits there, the commodities that are present, and describes the data available to support further exploration and exploitation of these resources.WMSBiomonitoring of Environmental Status and Trends (BEST) program is designed to assess and monitor the effects of environmental contaminants on biological resources with links to detailed information on specific species.This shapefile is an vegetation map of Colonial National Historical Park, Virginia. It was developed by The Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation, Division of Natural Heritage in cooperation with North Carolina State University's Center for Earth Observation for the Northeast Region of the National Park Service. The data was created following general guidelines set forth by the USGS-NPS Vegetation Mapping Program. Map classes are crosswalked to the U.S. National Vegetation Classification (USNVC) or level II of the Andersons land use land cover classification system. Crosswalks to the USNVC were determined on September 27, 2007. The map is based on field work performed in the summers of 2003-2005 and photo interpretation of aerial photo mosaics produced by North Carolina State University Center for Earth Observation from photography obtained in October 2001 and March 2002.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe Submarine Ring of Fire 2012 cruise will use the University of Bremen Quest 4000 remotely operated vehicle to locate, map and sample hydrothermal sites at seamounts and spreading centers in the Lau Basin. The sites were discovered by water column surveys, camera tows and prior dives with a remotely operated vehicle during cruises funded by NOAA, NSF and Nautilus Minerals Inc. in the past 8 years. They range in depth from ~750 to ~2600 m. We expect to visit 10 to 13 sites during the cruise. When the ROV is not in the water we will conduct other operations including multibeam surveys (with concurrent towed magnetometer, gravimeter, ADCP, and HDSS), CTD vertical and towed hydrocasts generally at locations close to the planned targets.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.DataSpace at Princeton University DataSpace at Princeton University DSpace repositoryThis dataset is a subset of the dataset titled ALL CULTRAL POINTS, created by the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Combinations of all of the cultural features are plotted when updating county and city maps in the Mapping Section at the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation DepartmentInternet Crime Complaint CenterGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.IPR Holder: Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners Trust; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2002-09-17; Survey End: 2002-09-17; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: GPS;WMSThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 5 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in 2005.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Data release and processing description of airborne and ground gravity data collected over AfghanistanThe mission of the Auburn Alumni Association is to foster and strengthen the relationship between Auburn University and its alumni and friends; to preserve and promote the university's traditions, purposes, growth and alumni; and to keep alive the spirit of affection and reverence for our alma mater. War Eagle!SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GreenlightsGlobal Change Master Directory The GCMD database holds more than 25,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 12 towboard surveys (20.3879 km in length), were conducted at Lisianski Island during the NW Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise HI0401 from 13 September - 17 October 2004. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.Doppler radar imaging is used for tracking the migration and behavior of bird populations. With the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and other agencies, USGS uses this technology to assist decision makers balance natural and industrial concernsShows how observations and modeling can help anticipate practical problems in coastal areas when hurricanes arrive. Focuses primarily on areas where people have built houses and roads that may be destroyed during storms.Coverage of the Coastal Prairie Ecology Research (CPER) Team, National Wetlands Research Center, providing scientific information to aid the conservation, management, and restoration of ecosystems in the greater coastal prairie region.Dryad news and views Search Dryad news and views - Dryad updates and goings onThis file contains the river mile marker locations on the printed digital flood insurance map. The National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) data incorporates all Digital Flood Insurance Rate Map(DFIRM) databases published by FEMA, and any Letters Of Map Revision (LOMRs) that have been issued against those databases since their publication date. The DFIRM Database is the digital, geospatial version of the flood hazard information shown on the published paper Flood Insurance Rate Maps(FIRMs). The primary risk classifications used are the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event, the 0.2-percent-annual-chance flood event, and areas of minimal flood risk. The NFHL data are derived from Flood Insurance Studies (FISs), previously published Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), flood hazard analyses performed in support of the FISs and FIRMs, and new mapping data where available. The FISs and FIRMs are published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The specifications for the horizontal control of DFIRM data are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:12,000. The NFHL data contain layers in the Standard DFIRM datasets except for S_Label_Pt and S_Label_Ld. The NFHL is available as State or US Territory data sets. Each State or Territory data set consists of all DFIRMs and corresponding LOMRs available on the publication date of the data set.Hourly observations taken by U.S. Air Force personnel at bases in the United States and around the world. Foreign observations concentrated in the Middle East and Japan. Stations assigned WBAN numbers. Original forms sent from the Air Force to NCDC by agreement and stored in the NCDC archives.The 9-second Yakutat Alaska Elevation Grid provides bathymetric data in ASCII raster format of 9-second resolution in geographic coordinates. This grid is strictly for tsunami inundation modelingThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on carnivoresThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 8x8 meter cell size representing the rugosity of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10. Rugosity was derived from this surface using NOAA's Benthic Terrain Modeler extension. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Temperature, salinity, pCO2 in sea and air data were collected using gas chromatograph and thermosalinograph in the Indian and North/South Pacific Ocean as a part of the EPOCS project. Data were collected from 23 May 1986 to 20 April 1989.This report serves as an environmental review and framework for developing USGS programs in the south Florida ecosystem, especially the Everglades and its watershed, and stresses the critical role of water in natural and human environment.This data set contains lidar point data (Geodetic Coordinates) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Dana Point to La Jolla. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a twin engine Partenavia P-68 (tail number N3832K) owned and operated by Aspen Helicopter, Inc. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 2 April 2004 between 19:14 and 21:20 UTC. Julian Day 09304 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). Conditions on 4 April were low clouds at 2500-3000 ft and lower over La Jolla. 99d118 instrument settings for these flights were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/- 20deg, beam divergence: narrow, altitude: 300-600m AGL, and ground speed: 95-120kts. Two GPS base stations were operating during each day of the survey, Point Loma and San Onofre on 08306 and Seal Beach and San Onofre on 08406 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates). Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.These data are a compilation of currently available seagrass GIS data sets for the west coast of the United States. These data have been compiled from seventeen different data sources. The source data were acquired over a large range of time periods, at many different spatial resolutions using a variety of methods, including aerial photography, videography, multispectral sensors, sonar, and field surveys. Users are cautioned to use these data as only a regional view of seagrass locations. Areas without mapped seagrass may contain seagrass, but digital data were unavailable during this data compilationSummarizes ground-water pesticide monitoring results, shows vulnerability of aquifers to contamination.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset consists of a polygon coverage and associated attribute data derived from the onshore portion of the 1996 "Generalized Thermal Maturity Map of Alaska" compiled by M.J. Johnsson and D.G. Howell, which was published as Plate 1 in US Geological Survey Bulletin 2142: "Thermal Evolution of Sedimentary Basins in Alaska". The published map summarizes vitrinite reflectance and conodont alteration index data (both measure the thermal maturity of rocks) into generalized units that can be shown cartographically at 1:2,500,000. This digital dataset includes the 8 map units indicated on the original map. (5 thermal maturity levels; 2 rock or sediment type; 1 "no data"). The data quality of the generalized information is retained, with an attribute value for "certainty" whose value choices are "questioned" or "certain". Additional data retained in a look-up table are the maximum and minimum vitrinite reflectance and conodont alteration index values assigned to each thermal maturity level. This coverage is not intended to be a complete representation of the printed map. It does NOT include the following features: locations of individual vitrinite or conodont sample data points (these data are available in: Johnsson and others, 1992, USGS Open File Report 409, 3 diskettes); faults; offshore maturity data (from dredge and well samples); cities, glaciers, wells; inset maps and subsurface contours for the Colville basin and Cook Inlet; the correlation chart, text or references printed on the map.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThis theme shows the locations of wildfires for which the DNR was the primary responding agency. These include fires not only on state lands, but also rural private lands for which there is not another agency with primary responsibility. Wildfires that are not included in this theme are those that occur on federal and native American lands (several hundred annually) and those that are responded to by local fire departments (several thousand annually). DNR wildfire suppression responsibility is heaviest in the forested part of the state.National-scale compilation of radiometric and fission-track age dates for geological materialsOpenGrADS Cookbooks (en)Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.The data is the 25 hour running average of the zonal component of ocean surface currents derived from High Frequency Radio-derived measurements. THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL PRODUCT: intended strictly for scientific evaluation by professional marine scientists.The most active hurricane season on record in the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico occurred in 2005, fueled by higher than normal sea-surface temperatures. Eleven tropical cyclones entered the Gulf of Mexico in 2005, including Hurricane Rita. Hurricane Rita was a Category 3 storm when it passed near the shelf edge banks on September 23, 2005. Several sensitive habitats within the northwestern Gulf of Mexico were close to the path of Hurricane Rita, including Sonnier, McGrail, Geyer, Bright, and East Flower Garden Banks. Hindcast hydrodynamic models estimated wave heights at 20-m or higher on these banks. This may have left some bank caps exposed, even at ~20- to 30-m depths. The implications for catastrophic damage to benthic community structure prompted the Minerals Management Service to characterize the banks in their post-hurricane state. This study characterized and compared the benthic habitats of four banks (Sonnier, McGrail, Geyer, and Bright) and recorded possible hurricane damage at these banks and the East Flower Garden Bank (EFGB). At Sonnier, McGrail, Geyer, and Bright Banks, videographic records were collected by SCUBA and ROV in April and May 2007, at four depth ranges to assess benthic cover to the lowest possible taxonomic level: 22-27 m, 30-36.5 m, 45-50 m, and 55-60 m. Video transects were qualitatively assessed for evidence of hurricane damage. To document recovery from Hurricane Rita at the existing long-term monitoring site on the EFGB, repetitive quadrats and perimeter line surveys were conducted in November 2005 and compared to data collected subsequently in June 2006.Services available at the Geological Survey TRIGA Reactor (GSTR) site in Denver with information on irradiation, neutron activation analysis, fission track radiography, and geochronology and tours of the facility.This database identifies the universe of (permitted) vessels participating in open access commercial and recreational Atlantic highly migratory species (HMS) fisheries, including fisheries for bluefin tuna, swordfish, billfish, sharks, and BAYS (bigeye, albacore, yellowfin, and skipjack) tunas. Open access commercial vessel permits include permits to fish for BAYS and bluefin tuna and swordfish, and include charter/headboat permits. The data elements collected include identifying owner information, vessel description, vessel permit number, and home port.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Hydrographic and subsurface temperature data were collected from bottle and CTD casts from MULTIPLE PLATFORMS from the Sea of Japan and other locations from 19 January 1993 to 18 November 1994. Hydrographic parameters include temperature, salinity, nitrate, nitrite, oxygen, and pH.This is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.Stationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) conducted at 6 sites around Niihau in the Main Hawaiian Islands (MHI) during July 27 - August 20 2006 in the NOAA Hi'ialakai (HI0610) Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise. Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.We assembled 1.75 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings from 225 lead-line and single-beam echosounder hydrographic surveys conducted from 1901 to 1999 in the central Gulf of Alaska. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. There were several areas where these older surveys were superseded by more recent, higher quality multibeam surveys, mostly from the NOS (n=106). Three of these were unprocessed NOS multibeam surveys in the Sitka area, which we edited and processed into final bathymetric surfaces. We reduced the resolution of these multibeam surveys to 100 m, since some may have sub-meter resolution and many exceed a million soundings, and added them to our bathymetry compilation. In Sitka Sound survey H11118 was missing. Processing and adding its bathymetric data to our compilation filled in a substantial gap in Sitka area, between Kruzof, Krestof, and Middle islands.Search RFP-IV Frequently Asked QuestionsNational Map Viewer, a GIS application, is a Web-enabled portal to the geospatial information contained in The National Map. It supports on-line access and allows the download of digital data and creation of cartographic products.WMSThis marine geophysical survey undertaken by Institute of Geological Sciences (BGS) took place March to June 1972 in the English channel (west of Cherbourg) on board the M.V. Researcher. The survey was carried out as part of the Anglo-French effort to produce geological and geophysical maps of the channel. Data were gathered for Project:72/3 using the following equipment Navigation: Decca Hifix and Main Chain; LaCoste Sea Gravity Meter; Barringer Magnetometer; ORE profiler/precision Echo-Sounder; MS47 Transit Sonar; NERC Data Logger, a total of 3921km were covered. These data are archived by BGS. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS Internal Report WB/ MG/72/33.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe USGS Shaded Relief Large service from The National Map (TNM) was created from the National Elevation Dataset (NED), a seamless dataset of best available raster elevation data for the conterminous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, and Territorial Islands of the US. Derived from the NED using a hill shade technique, this base map represents a continental view showing shaded relief from USGS NED layers at resolutions of 1/3-, 1-, and 2-arc-second (in Alaska only). This hillshade is actually five separate shaded relief datasets created from the original terrain data. Each shaded relief has different azimuths and altitude values as follows: 0 45, 135 60, 270 45, 315 45, 45 45. These five datasets are then combined into one feature class using map algebra to compute the raster layers using the following equation (shadedrelief1 + shadedrelief2 + shadedrelief3 + (shadedrelief4 x 2) + shaded relief5 / 6). This equation gives double importance to the 315 degrees azimuth and 45 degrees altitude. Color characteristics are the result of applying a color ramp in which RGB values range from near-white (RGB: 255, 255, 252) to brown (RGB: 156, 142, 107). The color ramp was applied with a stretch type of 4.3 standard deviations, since the scale of brightness values range from 130 to 1240. Contrast (24 percent) and brightness (3 percent) enhancements were applied for cartographic purposes. For additional information on the NED, go to http://ned.usgs.gov.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This marine geophysical and multibeam survey took place in August and early September 2005 off the west coast of Scotland on board the RSS Charles Darwin (Cruise CD174) as part of the Mapping European Seabed Habitats (MESH) survey. The survey was carried out by the British Geological Survey (BGS). The area surveyed was in UK and Irish waters and lies between 55 and 57 Degrees North and between 8 and 14 Degrees West. This work was planned to integrate with existing UK, Irish and French multibeam data and also with multibeam data collected July-August 2005 during the UK Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) Strategic Environmental Assessment Surveys (SEAS) in the Rockall Trough. Seafloor bathymetry data were collected using a Simrad EM12 multibeam system. Subsurface seismic data were collected using an Airgun, Boomer, Pinger and Sparker. Magnetic and Gravity data were also collected. Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS Internal Report IR/05/132.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. Finally, the Slope calculator within ArcGIS Spatial Analyst/Surface Analysis was used to calculate slope in degrees, using that ESRI Grid of source bathymetry.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Links to explanations of volcanic hazards and features and to a glossary of volcano terminology.BPI Structures are derived from two scales of a focal mean analysis on bathymetry and slope. The grid is based on gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Structures was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 12 classes in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Baker Island, Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.Technical information about several water resource database projects with local, regional, and national scope including the National Environmental Methods Index, the National Water Quality Assessment Data Warehouse, and the USGS Publications Warehouse.IPR Holder: Bristol Port Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Bristol Channel - 20; Survey Start: 2005-10-18; Survey End: 2005-10-18; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: RTK DGPS;This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Temperature profile data were collected using CTD casts in the Mid-Atlantic Bight from 04 February 1999 to 14 February 2000.Map interface and data download of Sed Zn-Pb data including KML and GIS data formatsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Main page for National Hydrography Dataset (NHD), a comprehensive set of digital spatial data about surface water features, with links to references, data, software tools, applications, tutorials, technical support, and data maintenance.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationIn EX-11-06, the final cruise involving the NOAA Ship Okeanos Explorer in the 2011 Field Season, the ship will depart from Pascagoula, MS, round the Florida Keys, transit along the continental shelf break, and put into its new home port of Davisville, RI. 24-hour multibeam mapping operations will be conducted for the entire transit, including scheduled XBT casts for sound velocity calibration. Exploration mapping activities in the Atlantic, from North Carolina to Rhode Island, will be conducted to identify any historical wreck sites of interest.WMSpostdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemFRA Grade Crossings is a spatial file that originates from the National Highway-Rail Crossing, Inventory Program (NTAD 2014). The program is to provide information to Federal, State, and local governments, as well as the railroad industry for the improvements of safety at highway-rail crossing.Includes hydrographic information from 2000 to last seven days, water-quality data, elevation, area, and capacity data and publications on Devils Lake, North Dakota in the Red River of the North basin.This map service presents spatial information for Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning. The service is maintained by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management (OCM), in partnership with Department of the Interior (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM). More information about this product can be found at www.MarineCadastre.gov.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Mineral facilities and operations outside the United States compiled by the National Minerals Information Center of the USGS.Partners in Amphibian and Reptile ConservationThis Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD021KM data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Overview of fractured rock research aimed at understanding the movement of water through fracture networks, and characterize field conditions influencing contaminant migration. Includes programs and publications.Wind speed predictions at 70m are generated by a numerical model that simulates weather conditions over a 15-year period, taking into account geophysical inputs such as elevation, land use, and vegetation. The information was produced by TrueWind Solutions using their Mesomap system. This work was commissioned by the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative, in conjunction with the Connecticut Clean Energy Fund and Northeast Utilities, and the results have been validated by NREL (National Renewable Energy Laboratory).WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Embrc - European Marine Biological Resource CentreThe 2010 Census TIGER/Line data was merged together into a statewide layer if originally available by county from the US Census Bureau. The spatial data was then joined to the 2010 Census Summary File 1 via the common GEOID10 field for additional population attribution.Grist Search Grist - Environmental News, Commentary, AdviceSearch The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute websitesWFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (6236f5b8-3bf6-41de-9d54-7dd6501328bd)Evan S. Lieberman Search Evan S. Lieberman - Professor of Politics at MIT, with a focus on African politics and developmentThe TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line shapefile is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. The American Indian / Alaska Native / Native Hawaiian (AIANNH) Areas Shapefile includes the following legal entities: federally recognized American Indian reservations and off-reservation trust land areas, State-recognized American Indian reservations, and Hawaiian home lands (HHLs). The statistical entities included are Alaska Native village statistical areas (ANVSAs), Oklahoma tribal statistical areas (OTSAs), tribal designated statistical areas (TDSAs), and State designated tribal statistical areas (SDTSAs). Joint use areas are also included in this shapefile and mean that the area is administered jointly and/or claimed by two or more American Indian tribes. The Census Bureau designates both legal and statistical joint use areas as unique geographic entities for the purpose of presenting statistical data. Note that tribal subdivisions and Alaska Native Regional Corporations (ANRCs) are additional types of American Indian / Alaska Native areas stored by the Census Bureau, but are displayed in separate shapefiles because of how they fall within the Census Bureau's geographic hierarchy. The 2010 Census boundaries for federally recognized American Indian reservations and off-reservation trust lands are as of January 1, 2010, as reported by the federally recognized tribal governments through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). The State of Hawaii's Office of Hawaiian Home Lands provided the legal boundaries used in Census 2000 for the HHLs, but provided no updates since and none for the 2010 Census although there is strong evidence of HHL land acquisitions and large housing and commercial development on most HHLs. The boundaries for ANVSAs, OTSAs, and TDSAs were delineated for the 2010 Census through the Tribal Statistical Areas Program (TSAP) by participants from the federally recognized tribal governments. The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) within the U.S. Department of the Interior (DOI) provides the list of federally recognized Tribes and only provides legal boundary information when the Tribes need supporting records, if a boundary is based on treaty or another document that is historical or open to legal interpretation, or when another Tribal, State, or local government challenges the depiction of a reservation or off-reservation trust land. The boundaries for State recognized American Indian reservations and for SDTSAs were delineated State governor appointed liaisons for the 2010 Census through the State American Indian Reservation Program and TSAP respectively.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information on objectives, approach, status, and publications of various research projects investigating water resources in Montana including studies on wetlands, bridge scour, reconstructed wetlands, abandoned mine lands, and others.Department of Economics - University of OxfordBaseline (1961-1990) average annual total precipitation, projected total precipitation, and relative change in total precipitation for the northern portion of Alaska. The Alaska portion of the Arctic LCC's terrestrial boundary is depicted by the black line. Baseline results for 1961-1990 are derived from Climate Research Unit (CRU) TS 3.1.01 data and downscaled to 2km grids; results for the other time periods are based on the SNAP 5-GCM composite using the AR5-RCP 8.5, downscaled to 2km grids.WMS Service for RGIS dataset NM School District Boundaries (b4ae8f53-8dff-46bb-9058-e5501cabdd1b)An overview with brief descriptions and photographs of some of South Florida's unique ecosystems.Search Brookes Business School Induction 2009-10 on Brookes WikiWMSStationary Point Counts at 4 stations at each survey site were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 5 sites at Howland Island in January, 2004 NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES0401). Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.The CLAVR-1 cloudmask (Stowe, 1999) is used to cloudmask AVHRR high resolution sea surface temperature products. The cloudmask runs a series of tests on each surface temperature pixel to determine whether the pixel is contaminated by cloud cover. Users may evaluate which specific tests in the cloudmask returned positive cloud presence results by examining the value of the cloudmask. This value corresponds to an 8 bit binary number which details which tests flagged the pixel as a cloudy pixel. See http://coastwatch.pfel.noaa.gov/info/CLAVR.html for more information regarding the specific tests used in the cloudmask.This is a final classification. It is ready for distribution. This data set is the 2010-era classification of U.S. Florida region. This data set utilized full or partial Landsat scenes which were analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover.Search - DOCUMENTARIES THAT MAKE A DIFFERENCEThese are the lakes in MN that MPCA has assessed using monitoring data. The lakes are a subset and enhancement of the 1:100,000 scale National Hydrography Dataset (NHD). MPCA adds additional lakes. Since MPCA only assesses a small subset of the NHD lakes, only that subset is included in the data set.General characteristics and spatial resolution of imagery products available from this type of sensor.Describes ecological problems facing coral reef ecosystems and the research strategies we use to study the prevalence and severity of those problems.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThe total sky imager (TSI) provides time series of hemispheric sky images during daylight hours and retrievals of fractional sky cover for periods when the solar elevation is greater than 10 degrees.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.Description and illustrations of hydroacoustic current meters for measuring the discharge in streams and rivers with links to wading discharge measurements, project progress and plans and references.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Geochemical analyses of rock, sediment, soil, mineral, and heavy mineral concentrate samples in Alaska analyzed from 1962 through 2009Before the Landsat commercialization contract was signed between the Department of Commerce and the Earth Observation Satellite Company (EOSAT) on September 27, 1985, all Landsat activities were handled by the Federal government. After that date all Landsat commercial rights became the property of EOSAT. EOSAT will still retain exclusive sales rights to all Thematic Mapper (TM) data until July 1994, at which time all Landsat data over ten years old will become available from the National Archive at the EROS Data Center (EDC). The first satellite in the Earth Resources Technology Satellite (ERTS) program was launched July 23, 1972 and designated ERTS 1. In 1975 the program was re-designated as the Landsat program to emphasize its primary area of interest, land resources. The mission of Landsat is to provide for repetitive acquisition of high resolution multispectral data of the earth's surface on a global basis. The complete Landsat system consists of an observation platform in a near-polar Earth orbit and ground installations to receive, process and distribute the data provided by the sensors carried on the satellite. The platform carries two remote sensor systems and a data relay system along with attitude-control and orbit-adjust subsystems, power supply, transmitters to send the data to ground receiving stations and receivers for ground station commands. The Landsat satellites are in a sun-synchronous, near polar orbit with a ground swath extending 185 km (115 miles) in both directions. Landsat 4 and 5 are inclined 98 degrees, have an orbital cycle of 16 days and an equatorial crossing of 9:45AM local time. The altitude of the satellites is 705 km (437 miles) for both Landsats 4 and 5. The Landsat platforms operate from a sun-synchronous, near polar orbit imaging the same 185 km (115 miles) ground swath every 16 days. Thematic Mapper (TM) data are received directly from Landsats 4 and 5 by a network of 15 worldwide ground stations. Also, data are transmitted via a Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS) to its ground terminal at White Sands, New Mexico and then relayed via a domestic communications satellite (DOMSAT) to the EOSAT data processing facility in Lanham, Maryland. TM data are processed for radiometric and geometric corrections at the Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC).Web-based analytical facility designed to integrate data relevant to flood emergencies in Puerto Rico.This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD021KM data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.NERACOOS supports data collected from buoys in the Gulf of Maine and Long Island Sound. The six Gulf of Maine buoys carry a comprehensive sensor suite that includes the full complement of meteorological sensors carried by the standard NDBC buoys, and in addition commonly include atmospheric visibility, surface currents, water-column current profiles, temperature and conductivity, and fluorescence (for chlorophyll a estimation) and backscatter at multiple depths. In Long Island Sound, three buoys that measure wind speed and direction, circulation, salinity, temperature and dissolved oxygen. Two buoys will be located in western LIS (WLIS and EXRK stations) and the third will be in the Central Sound (CLIS). The buoys will be equipped with three YSI-SeaBird sensors to measure conductivity, temperature, pressure and dissolved oxygen concentration near the surface, bottom and mid-depth. A buoy in Great Bay measures physical, optical, meteorological and wave data.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThe purpose of the Fisheries One-Stop-Shop (FOSS) is to make fisheries dependent information readily available to fisheries managers, scientists and the American public at a national as well as regional level. Collection and management of fisheries dependent data are distributed throughout NOAA Fisheries, State Fisheries, management agencies and regional Fisheries Information Networks (FINs). The distributed nature of NOAA Fisheries information systems, differences in collection authorities and confidentiality requirements increases the importance of this flexible technical architecture that can meet the changing needs for information at national, regional and local levels of resolution. At the same time, the technical architecture is scalable to meet enterprise wide requirements for management of other types of fisheries data and fisheries independent data. Currently available via FOSS are the summarized, non-confidential, annual Commercial Landings by state as provided through the Atlantic Coastal Cooperative Statistics Program (ACCSP), the Gulf of Mexico Fisheries Information Network (GulfFIN). Recreational Landings estimates are available and provided via NMFS Headquarters. In FY2011, FOSS will be expanded to include all commercial landings nationally.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.35(b)(1), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Gear restricted areas, Seasonal prohibitions applicable to bottom longline fishing for Gulf reef fish, as of 07/01/13.Homepage for the research on occurrence, movement, flux, fate, and effects of agricultural chemicals, such as pesticides, in 25 states by the Midcontinent Agricultural Chemical Research Project (MACRP) with links to study results and publications.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Recent trends in March-June, June-September, and March-September rainfall and temperature, identifying significant reductions in rainfall and increases in temperature over time in this area.Five trace elements with human-health concerns were detected at high concentrations: arsenic, boron, fluoride, molybdenum, and strontium. Vanadium was present at moderate concentrations.IPR Holder: Mersey Docks and Harbour Company; Purpose: Safety of navigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St. Georges Channel - 19; Survey Start: 2008-10-29; Survey End: 2008-10-29; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known;Information sources on El Nino effects such as landslides, coastal hazards, floods. Includes links to maps and images.Digital Surface Model (DSM) is an autocorrelated surface that represents the tops of surfaces. The autocorrelated data is in its rawest form. The data is made up of sampled arrays of pixels depicting surface elevations in raster form. This data was captured as an ancillary product of a statewide ortho image acquisition using a Lecia ADS40 sensor. The primary DSM is a 5-meter ground resolution, produced in 5 large blocks covering the entire State, cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). This series of DSM's was produced as a part of the 2006 Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program administered by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic Information Office. The aerial imaging data used to create the DSM was acquired between January 15th and March 31st in 2006.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationData products generated by the Ocean Colour component of the European Space Agency's Climate Change Initiative project. These files are daily composites of merged sensor (MERIS, MODIS, SeaWiFS) products, where MODIS and MERIS wereband-shifted and bias-corrected to SeaWiFS bands and values. MODIS and SeaWiFS RRS products were derived from 4km resolution level-3 binned standard NASA products; MERIS was derived from a 4km level-3 binning of the output of the HYGEOS POLYMER algorithm. Derived products, such as Kd and chlorophyll were computed with the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithms. QAA IOPs were derived using the standard SeaDAS (SeaDAS v6.4-OCCCI) algorithm, with a modified backscatter table to match that used in the bandshifting. Uncertainty estimates were added using Tim Moore's fuzzy water classification and uncertainty estimation algorithm.The Marcellus shale is a black shale unit in the eastern US. It has economic use as a source of natural gas. Environmental concerns arising from the process of exploiting this resource include water supply and wastewater disposal.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on treesThe NCEP Climate Forecast System Reanalysis (CFSR) was designed and executed as a global, high resolution, coupled atmosphere-ocean-land surface-sea ice system to provide the best estimate of the state of these coupled domains over the 31-year period of 1979 to 2009. A complete Reforecast of CFS version 2, over the 30-year period (1981-2011) has been created in order to provide stable calibration and skill estimates of the new system, for operational seasonal and sub seasonal prediction at NCEP. Coupled full 9-month forecasts from initial conditions every 5 days apart (for all 4 cycles on that day) have been made for each calendar year with the T126L64 GFS with half-hourly coupling to the ocean (MOM4 at 0.25 degree equatorial, 0.5 degree global). Total number of 9-month forecasts is 73x4 for each year, amounting to 8468 forecast runs for the full period. In addition to the 9-month runs, there is a full season run from every 0Z cycle over a 12-year period (1999-2010) for a total of 4380 runs. There is also a short 45-day forecast from every 6Z, 12Z and 18Z cycle over the same 12-year period (1999-2010) for a total of 13140 runs.Dr. Christopher Jenkins of the University of Colorado Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR), produced this data hypercube derived from the prime data (exclusive of G.R.A.P.E. and logging data) of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP). The Deep-Sea Drilling Project legacy data on the lithologies and physical properties of core recoveries is reprocessed into a uniformly formatted, integrated dataset which can be worked on in a wide range of software applications for query, analysis, mapping and visualization. The goal is to create a dataset which is able to be used efficiently across many science disciplines, especially in the fields of global change, ocean management and earth sciences research. The hypercube data model allows scientists and others to easily comprehend and work with the data layout and content. The integration has employed methods of standardization, linguistic parsing, error trapping, uncertainty analysis, and presentation that have developed and been validated over a decade of use in dbSEABED, for marine ecology, resources, engineering, research and survey. Nevertheless integration of the DSDP dataset has been challenging, not all the DSDP data could be treated successfully.Modest declines in rainfall, accompanied by increases in air temperatures, declining farmland per person, along with trends in population and agriculture could lead to a 30% reduction in per capita cereal production by 2025.The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) modeled the distribution of terrestrial ecosystems for the contiguous United States using a standardized, deductive approach to associate unique physical environments with ecological systems characterized in NatureServe's Ecological Systems of the United States classification (Comer et al., 2003). This approach was first developed for South America (Sayre et al., 2008) and is now being implemented globally (Sayre et al., 2007). Unique physical environments were delineated from a massive biophysical stratification of the nation into the major structural components of ecosystems: biogeographic regions (Cress et al., 2008c), land surface forms (Cress et al., 2008a), surficial lithology (Cress et al., 2008d), and topographic moisture potential (Cress et al., 2008b). Each of these structural components was mapped for the contiguous United States and then spatially combined to produce ecosystem structural footprints which represented unique abiotic (physical) environments. Among 49,168 unique structural footprint classes, 13,482 classes which met a minimum pixel count threshold (20,000 pixels) were aggregated into 419 NatureServe ecosystems through semi-automated labeling process using rule set formulations for attribution of each ecosystem.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Data for Hawaii | data.hawaii.govThe once-a-decade decennial census was conducted in April 2010 by the U.S. Census Bureau. This count of every resident in the United States was mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution and all households in the U.S. and individuals living in group quarters were required by law to respond to the 2010 Census questionnaire. The data collected by the decennial census determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities. The questionnaire consisted of a limited number of questions but allowed for the collection of information on the number of people in the household and their relationship to the householder, an individual's age, sex, race and Hispanic ethnicity, the number of housing units and whether those units are owner- or renter-occupied, or vacant. The first wave of results for sub-state geographic areas in New Mexico was released on March 15, 2011, through the Redistricting Data (PL94-171) Summary File. This batch of data covers the state, counties, places (both incorporated and unincorporated communities), tribal lands, school districts, neighborhoods (census tracts and block groups), individual census blocks, and other areas. The Redistricting products provide counts by race and Hispanic ethnicity for the total population and the population 18 years and over, and housing unit counts by occupancy status. The 2010 Census Redistricting Data Summary File can be used to redraw federal, state and local legislative districts under Public Law 94-171. This is an important purpose of the file and, indeed, state officials use the Redistricting Data to realign congressional and state legislative districts in their states, taking into account population shifts since the 2000 Census. More detailed population and housing characteristics will be released in the summer of 2011. The data in this particular RGIS Clearinghouse table are for all blocks in Lea County. The data table provides total counts by major race groups and by Hispanic ethnicity. This file, along with specific narrative descriptions and definitions (in Word and text formats) are available in a single zip file.Watches Warnings and AdvisoriesIn March 1983, President Ronald Reagan signed a proclamation establishing an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) of the United States extending its territory 200 nautical miles from the coasts of the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. territories and possessions. In 1984, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), Office of Marine Geology began a program to map these areas of the EEZ. The U.S. Pacific Coast was the first EEZ region to be mapped and launched GLORIA (Geological LOng-Range Inclined Asdic) mapping program. The area covered by this survey extended from the Mexican to the Canadian borders and from the continental shelf edge, at about the 400-meter bathymetric contour, to 200 nautical miles from the coast. Survey of the U.S. Pacific West Coast EEZ was completed in four consecutive cruises conducted from late April through mid-August 1984. The collected GLORIA data were processed and digitally mosaicked to produce continuous imagery of the seafloor. A total of 36 digital mosaics of an approximate 2 degree by 2 degree (or smaller) area with a 50-meter pixel resolution were completed for the region.Juvenile rainbow trout were fed a diet containing an environmentally relevant mixture of 10 high molecular weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at a dose of 0.66 or 7.82 mg PAH per g fish per day. At 3, 7, 14, and 28 d, biomarkers of aryl hydrocarbon receptor activation (AHR), hepatic microsomal ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity, and cytochrome P4501A (CYP1A)-associated staining increased 14- to 26-fold and 6- to 14-fold, respectively, in fish fed 7.82 mg PAH per g fish per day. Cytochrome P4501A-associated staining increased 2- to 9-fold on days 3, 7, and 28 in fish fed 0.66mg PAH per g fish per day. Bile fluorescent aromatic compounds served as a biomarker of exposure and confirmed that PAH exposure was consistent over 50 d. DNA damage in blood cells, protein oxidation, and lipid peroxidation in the kidney were biomarkers of oxidative stress and all increased in fish fed 7.82 mg PAH per g fish per day. Fish fed 0.66 mg PAH per g fish per day had elevated DNA damage in blood cells but increased protein oxidation or lipid peroxidation in the kidney were not observed. Challenge with Aeromonas salmonicida, at lethal concentration (LC) 20, decreased survival in fish previously fed either 0.66 mg PAH per g fish per day or 7.82 mg PAH per g fish per day relative to fish fed the control diet. In general, biomarkers of both AHR activation and oxidative stress peaked at 3 to 14 d then declined at 28 to 50 d of PAH exposure and an increase in susceptibility to disease was observed at 50 d. These results link PAH exposure to biomarker responses that may be useful as early indicators of population level responses, such as mortality resulting from an increase in disease susceptibility. Results of chemical analysis in exposed troutThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the volcanic activity that occurred along the southern part of the Mono-Inyo Craters volcanic chain in California about 600 years ago.We estimated means of 86 billion barrels of oil and 336 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas resources in this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.WMSLocation and characteristics of 123 sediment-hosted gold deposits worldwide.Education & Outreach (en)WMSThe Continental U.S. Hurricane Strikes Poster is our most popular poster which is updated annually. The poster includes all hurricanes that affected the U.S. since 1950 with hurricane force winds, although some did not necessarily make landfall. This 32x34 glossy poster will give you a quick look of the location and strength of each hurricane which struck the continental Unites States. The map includes the name, category strength, year, and approximate strike location of each hurricane.Education & Outreach (en)Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateThis layer shows waterbodies that have been treated for fish removal(i.e., reclaimed)by DNR Fisheries. Some waterbodies have had multiple treatments. Attributes include treatment year, species targeted, method, chemical(s) used and project cost.Giant kelp forests, with their extensive vertical structure, represent the most diverse of the marine habitats and support commercial fisheries, education, and recreation. Kelp forests/beds are dynamic, with substantial variability in extent of surface canopy between years associated with storms and other oceanographic conditions (e.g., El Ni o Southern Oscillation). Although many functional values are tied to the presence of kelp canopy, habitat values persist in the absence of canopy (e.g., understory and bottom-dwelling algae, invertebrates, and cryptic fish species). Therefore, constraints maps in this document are based on historic occurrence and substrate.Kelp plants are vulnerable to vessel impacts (propellers, anchoring) resulting in frond entanglement or dislodgement of holdfasts. Kelp forest and associated understory vegetation also are sensitive to changing light levels and are limited when light transmission is substantially impaired. Light reduction does not have an impact on adult plants with surface canopies, but can reduce establishment of early life stages and growth of juvenile plants. Therefore, turbidity from sand management is of potential concern if substantial or prolonged. Kelp forests are highly vulnerable to sedimentation impacts, which can potentially damage plants from abrasion and scour or preclude recruitment when sediment accumulates on hard substrate. Kelp forests primarily occur outside the littoral zone, but may experience sedimentation during high wave conditions (e.g., storms, El Ni o). Inshore boundaries of kelp forests, which may extend to shallower waters during mild oceanographic conditions, are most vulnerable to sedimentation and dislodgement during storms.Understory kelp occurring inshore of kelp forests are adapted to the relatively harsh environmental conditions in the littoral zone, including sedimentation. However, inshore kelp requires hard substrate for attachment; therefore, persistent sedimentation may lead to habitat degradation or loss. Long-term impacts would not be expected from transient sedimentation given the opportunistic life histories of many inshore kelp species.Sediment management impact considerations for kelp forests/beds include: Potential for substantial sedimentation based on sand volume and proximity of kelp forests/beds; Potential for prolonged turbidity over kelp bed areas; and Potential for equipment damage from vessels and anchoring.Dataset was submitted to CSMW by SANDAG as part of the San Diego County Coastal Regional Sediment Management Plan (2009).WMSGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesPaper by Duane Chapman for the 6th International SPMD Workshop and Symposium on a semipermeable membrane device (SPMD) measures contaminants in water by mimicking the parts of fish that cause concentration of specific chemicals in fish tissues.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) LAS dataset is a survey of select areas within Southwest Florida. These data wereproduced for the Southwest Florida Water Management District (SWFWMD). The Manatee and Little Manatee LiDAR Survey project areaconsists of approximately 176 square miles. This data set falls in a portion of Hillsborough and Manatee counties. The LiDAR pointcloud was flown at a density sufficient to support a maximum final post spacing of 6 feet for unobscured areas. 3001 inc. acquired97 flightlines between April 3-11, 2005. The data was divided into 5000' by 5000' foot cells that serve as the tiling scheme. TheLittle Manatee LiDAR Survey was collected under the guidance of a Professional Mapper/Surveyor.High Plains Museum Search High Plains Museum - Experience Our HeritageLong-term studies to better understand the effects of the eruption and the role of volcanism in structuring ecosystems in the Aleutian Islands, a volcano-dominated region with high natural resource values.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The dataset represents ground-classified laser returns from the lidar survey and their associated geospatial coordinates.Congress asked us (in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007) to figure out how to assess the effects of carbon storage, sequestration, and greenhouse gas fluxes in our ecosystems. Here's how we plan to do that.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AInformation concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on caves and subterranean habitatsA landscape is a collection of land shapes or land forms. Landform Regions are a grouping of individual landscape features that have a common geomophology. In Iowa, these regions are composed of earth materials derived from glacial, wind, river, and marine environments of the geologic past. This is a new representation of the Landforms of Iowa. These landforms represent different geomorphologic landscapes, and the geologic processes that have created them. Parabolic Dunes are eolian sand features that are oriented with the nose in the downwind direction, in the case of these dunes, that is southeast. It is believed that these dunes formed during the late Pleistocene, with activation into the Holocene. Parabolic dunes form when Dunes, have blow-out conditions and the sides are anchored with vegetation, but not the downwind-side, and the front of the dune migrates downwind.Open Data | San Mateo CountyThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the current edition of the CatalogThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.News regarding US efforts to monitor the spread of highly pathogenic avian influenza, with links to bulletins, FAQ list, field guides, and other resources.These data consist of vector line segments tagged with elevation derived from the LOSCO/FEMA LIDAR five meter DEM data set for seven watershed basins in the Louisiana Coastal Zone. This project produced over 50,000 linear miles of vector tagged shoreline covering 7,150 sq. mi. of coastal zone.Quantitative analysis of water use statistics for Puerto Rico, showing domestic, agricultural, industrial, and electric power as the main offstream uses.The GeoStor Platform enables the user to leverage access to Arkansas  GIS data and utilize the GIS data in a number of ways. The information below is intended to provide an overview of the many ways the GeoStor Platform is or could be used. GIS Data Publisher Updates: The GeoStor Platform provides publishers a wide range of options for maintaining their data in the database. The updates can be performed via database connection, and/or automated processes. The publisher is in control of the refresh rate for their data. Contact the GeoStor Staff for more information. Web services (WS): The GeoStor Platform is architected to provide a range of web services. Offsite Publisher (OFF): The GeoStor Platform provides users with links to known data that resides outside the GeoStor architecture. Additional links to off site publishers  are added regularly. Offsite published information, that are available from GeoStor in this manner are signified by OFF in the type column. Application (APP): The GeoStor Platform enables state/local government entities to create applications with the GeoStor hardware and software. Hardware, software, and hosting are provided in a robust physically and cyber secure environment for no fee. Applications are required to provide access to the GIS data that is used. Applications that are available from GeoStor in this manner are signified by APP in the type column. Web Map Service (WMS): The GeoStor Platform produces open access to maps of spatially referenced data dynamically from geographic information. This international standard defines a "map" to be a portrayal of geographic information as a digital image file suitable for display on a computer screen. A map is not the data itself. WMS-produced maps are generally rendered in a pictorial format such as PNG, GIF or JPEG, or occasionally as vector-based graphical elements in Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) or Web Computer Graphics Metafile (WebCGM) formats. This is in contrast to a Web Feature Service (WFS), which returns actual vector data, and a Web Coverage Service (WCS), which returns actual gridded data. WMS that are available from GeoStor in this manner are signified by WMS in the type column. Web Feature Service (WFS): The GeoStor Platform provides an interface allowing requests for geographical features across the web using platform-independent calls. One can think of geographical features as the "source code" behind a map, whereas the WMS interface or online mapping systems like Google Maps return only an image, which end-users cannot edit or spatially analyze. WFS that are available from GeoStor in this manner are signified by WFS in the type column. Downloadable Data (DL): The GeoStor Platform provides users with the capability to search for data and receive (the area of interest) in the format, projection and coordinate system they desire. This is often times referred to as clip, zip, and ship. Data that are available from GeoStor in this manner is signified by DL in the type column. File Transfer Protocol (FTP): The GeoStor Platform provides users with access to raster files that are larger than the downloadable limit. Data that is available from GeoStor in this manner is signified by FTP in the type column. Help Documents (HLP): Documents that provide GeoStor users with helpful information about the GeoStor Platform. Disaster Events (EMG): The GeoStor Platform is architected to provide for the quick ingestion of data to support natural or manmade events. Users will be able to quickly locate information for an event using common keywords specific to the event. Metadata: The GeoStor Platform is powered by metadata. Information about all of the features, services, options, and even the help documentation are stored in xml metadata files.The US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the TurboWin+ program and structures data in the IMMT-5 format.Storm Data is provided by the National Weather Service (NWS) and contain statistics on personal injuries and damage estimates. Storm Data covers the United States of America. The data began as early as 1950 through to the present, updated monthly with up to a 120 day delay possible. NCDC Storm Event database allows users to find various types of storms recorded by county, or use other selection criteria as desired. The data contain a chronological listing, by state, of hurricanes, tornadoes, thunderstorms, hail, floods, drought conditions, lightning, high winds, snow, temperature extremes and other weather phenomena.N/AThis database is intended to be a qualitative "first look" at where yellow-billed loons have been recorded and where surveys have been conducted. This spatial dataset is intended for general planning and mapping purposes rather than for deriving density estimates. The geodatabase is comprised of two feature classes (observations and survey_poly) and two tables (incidental_attributes and reference_information).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data depict areas of interest that were designated by the Pacific Fishery Management Council on June 15, 2005 as part of the Preferred Alternative, Habitat Areas of Particular Concern (HAPC) for the Groundfish Essential Fish Habitat (EFH), Final Environmental Impact Statement (FEIS).Two-minute gridded global relief for both ocean and land areas are available in the ETOPO2v2 (2006) database. ETOPO2v2 replaced ETOPO2 (2001). The historic 2-minute (ETOPO2v2) and 5-minute (ETOPO5) data are deprecated, but still available. Please use the new ETOPO1 Global Gridded Relief Model.The Ovation Prime Real-Time (OPRT) product is a real-time forecast and nowcast model of auroral power and is an operational implementation of the work by Newell et al (2009). OPRT is run every 5 minutes producing precipitating energy flux for 4 distinct auroral types in 240 distinct geomagnetic latitude / longitude bins for each hemisphere. The model's output is latitudinally bound to polar latitudes greater than 50 degrees geomagnetic latitude.We estimated the volume of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in three closely related geologic units in this area using a geology based assessment methodology.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Photographs of landscapes, earth history, waterways, wildlife, changing worlds, and earth scientists.This is a DOQQ of a region of Pocatello Idaho. This is 6 inch resolution imagery.WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian/ Alaska Native Area/ Hawaiian Homeland Areas for Valencia County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (38ed7d1f-4480-4ca6-a119-0b217f702e7b)Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). In 1992, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) placed most of the core data from legs 101-129 of the ODP onto CDROM in cooperation with NSF and JOI. The data are from an ODP relational database system in place prior to the later, JANUS, system. Not all of the data in this archive were transferred to JANUS, so some data files are unique. In 2001, the CDROM was replaced by a new version with an HTML interface, and also placed online. Data types included are: Age profile, carbon-carbonate, corelog, gas chromatography, gamma ray attenuation porositoy evaluator (GRAPE) special 2-minute counts, hard-rock visual core descriptions, hard-rock thin section descriptions, index properties of sediment, interstitial water chemistry, paleomagnetic susceptibility and intensity, rock evaluator data, sedimentary lithology, site summary, smearslide descriptions, velocity, and x-ray fluorescence data.WMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Map service of soil types, geology and vegetation in the Moor House region of the Moor House - Upper Teesdale National Nature Reserve. The site lies in the North Pennine uplands of England and has an area of 74 km2. It is England's highest and largest terrestrial National Nature Reserve (NNR), a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve and a European Special Protection Area. Habitats include exposed summits, extensive blanket peatlands, upland grasslands, pastures, hay meadows and deciduous woodland. Altitude ranges from 290 to 850 m. Moor House - Upper Teesdale is part of the Environmental Change Network (ECN) which is the UK's long-term environmental monitoring programme.N/AThe snapper-grouper fishery within the South Atlantic U.S. is comprised of 73 different species, many of which are data poor. As a result, some species specific stock assessment models have a high level of uncertainty, lacking accurate inputs for catch characterization, effort, and quantity of discards. The purpose of this research was to continue to characterize the catch and discards within the commercial snapper-grouper vertical hook-and-line fishery of the South Atlantic and to build on the dataset created during the pilot program. This was accomplished through the use of trained observers placed onboard fishing vessels to collect data quantifying the gear, effort, catch and discards within the fishery. Twelve trips totaling 96 sea da and 966 sampled sets were made onboard ten different vessels from North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and northern Florida. Vermilion snapper (Rhomboplites aurorubens) was the most common kept species followed by gray triggerfish (Balistes capriscus), red porgy (Pagrus pagrus), scamp (Mycteroperca phenax), and red grouper (Epinephelus morio). The most common discarded species were red porgy, vermilion snapper, scamp, Atlantic sharpnose shark (Rhizoprionodon terraenovae), and red snapper (Lutjanus campechanus). This project was only successful because of the cooperation and assistance of the commercial snapper-grouper fleet throughout the South Atlantic. With the information derived from this project, the data available for stock assessments will be expanded and the South Atlantic Fishery Management Council and NOAA Fisheries will be able to better assess the impact of discards on the snapper-grouper fishery.Powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationSedimentary characteristics of 228 tsunami deposits, drawn from published accounts, for interpreting prehistorical, historical, and modern tsunami deposits, and for the development of criteria to identify tsunami deposits in the geologic record.Python 2.7.8 documentation Search Python 2.7.8 documentationThe goal of this project is to provide a preliminary overview, at a National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation's coast to sea-level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tide range, wave height, relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables and the association of these variables to each other furnish a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.BPI Zones are derived from a focal mean analysis on bathymetry and slope. The bathymetry grid (5 m cell size) is derived from bathymetry from two sources: Multibeam bathymetry collected by Coral Reef Ecosystem Division aboard NOAA R/V AHI, and NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai; multibeam bathymetry collected aboard the US Naval Ship Sumner by the Naval Oceanographic Office, and lidar, also collected by the Naval Oceanographic Office. BPI Zones was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of four classes in an index of seafloor terrain; flats, depressions, crests and slopes. This data set is for Saipan Islands, Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas (CNMI).Reson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected from 11-31 October 2006 aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) at at Maro Reef in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands during cruise HI-05-08. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 10 - 250 m. The AHI was deployed from the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai and concurrent mapping was done using Simrad EM300 and EM3002D sonars aboard the ship; metadata for HI-05-08 are submitted separately.CiSocH (en)Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesXdmfWeb (en)Georgia has recently seen a lot of extreme weather events triggering widespread flooding. This summary of streamflow and discharge from selected locations shows graphically the conditions during 2010.Map display that highlights states where the streamflow index at USGS streamgages, averaged statewide, were below normal for the past seven days with links to comparison of recent streamflow values with historic values.This is one data set of a data package consisting of thirteen point data sets that have as attributes the direction and velocity of ocean currents in the 'eastern' Gulf of Mexico as determined by drift buoys from February 1996 to June 1997. The data are summarized by quarter degree cells and represent the time weighted average of drift direction and velocity for all drift buoys that entered the cell during the summary time period. Twelve of the data sets are one month averages, one data set is a one year average from all the months. The area covered is nominally the eastern Gulf of Mexico, but during the course of the study, the buoys drifted as far west as Texas. These spatial extent, object count and range attribute metadata items apply in particular to the one-year average data set, however the general characteristics of the dataset (coordinate system, attributes and attribute definitions) apply to all thirteen.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.This dataset contains points which represent the location for each ZIP+4 range in Arkansas. This base data serves a variety of public functions that include index layer for address match/geocoding applications, and Streamlines Sales and Tax source jurisdiction assignment. The location of each point was determined by geocoding either the low, high, or mid value for each ZIP+4 address range. All attribute data is drawn from the USPS (United States Postal Service ) ZIP+4 product - see also supplementary information This information is published by the Arkansas Geographic Information Office, an Arkansas State Government Agency, which holds a non-exclusive license from the United States Postal Service to publish the information. The price of the PRODUCT or information is neither established, controlled, or approved by the United States Postal Service . Product advertisement is neither approved nor endorsed by the United States Postal Service911 Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP) service area boundaries in Arkansas According to the National Emergency Number Association (NENA), a Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP) is a facility equipped and staffed to receive 9-1-1 calls. The service area is the geographic area within which a 911 call placed using a landline is answered at the associated PSAP. This dataset only includes primary PSAPs. Secondary PSAPs, backup PSAPs, and wireless PSAPs have been excluded from this dataset. Primary PSAPs receive calls directly, whereas secondary PSAPs receive calls that have been transferred by a primary PSAP. Backup PSAPs provide service in cases where another PSAP is inoperable. Most military bases have their own emergency telephone systems. To connect to such system from within a military base it may be necessary to dial a number other than 9 1 1. Due to the sensitive nature of military installations, TGS did not actively research these systems. If civilian authorities in surrounding areas volunteered information about these systems or if adding a military PSAP was necessary to fill a hole in civilian provided data, TGS included it in this dataset. Otherwise military installations are depicted as being covered by one or more adjoining civilian emergency telephone systems. In some cases areas are covered by more than one PSAP boundary. In these cases, any of the applicable PSAPs may take a 911 call. Where a specific call is routed may depend on how busy the applicable PSAPS are (i.e. load balancing), operational status (i.e. redundancy), or time of date / day of week. If an area does not have 911 service, TGS included that area in the dataset along with the address and phone number of their dispatch center. These are areas where someone must dial a 7 or 10 digit number to get emergency services. These records can be identified by a "Y" in the [NON911EMNO] field. This indicates that dialing 911 inside one of these areas does not connect one with emergency services. This dataset was constructed by gathering information about PSAPs from state level officials. In some cases this was geospatial information, in others it was tabular. This information was supplemented with a list of PSAPs from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Each PSAP was researched to verify its tabular information. In cases where the source data was not geospatial, each PSAP was researched to determine its service area in terms of existing boundaries (e.g. city and county boundaries). In some cases existing boundaries had to be modified to reflect coverage areas (e.g. entire county north of Country Road 30 ). However, there may be cases where minor deviations from existing boundaries are not reflected in this dataset, such as the case where a particular PSAPs coverage area includes an entire county, and the homes and businesses along a road which is partly in another county. Text fields in this dataset have been set to all upper case to facilitate consistent database engine search results. All diacritics (e.g., the German umlaut or the Spanish tilde) have been replaced with their closest equivalent English character to facilitate use with database systems that may not support diacritics.Seafloor habitat maps have been created using high resolution multibeam sonar with co-registered backscatter at various locations throughout the Alaska Region. Most of the mapping in the GOA is in the form of postage-stamps ranging in size from 27 km2 to 790 km2. Some of this mapping was in cooperation with the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and the University of Alaska Fairbanks. Such mapped sites in the GOA were generally selected in the areas of fisheries for rockfish (Sebastes spp.). The selection of specific sites to map were influenced by budget and logistic constraints that in some cases limited the fishery habitat mapping to areas near concurrent areas being mapped by NOAAs Office of Coast Survey. In contrast for the Aleutian Islands, a systematic design was used to select sites to map that enabled a relatively substantial area of seafloor to be characterized. In theory such a systematic design allows extrapolation to unmapped areas. Database includes bathymetry and backscatter data files as well as a habitat typing spreadsheet for all areas classified using a deep-water marine benthic habitat scheme modified after Green et al. (1999).The VTORTHO_0_5M_PAN_2008 data includes pancromatic (black and white) orthophotography (orthophoto) at 1:5000 scale (0.5 meter cell resolution). The imagery was acquired in May of 2008 covering portions of Grand Isle, Franklin, and Orleans Counties. Imagery was captured on April 24 (lines 1-12) and May 7 (lines 13-23), 2008.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.On May 22, 1960 (19:11 UTC), a Mw 9.5 earthquake occurred in southern Chile (39.5 S, 74.5 W). This was the largest earthquake ever instrumentally recorded. (It was not the largest in terms of dollar damage or number of deaths produced). A damaging foreshock (Mw7.3) had occurred the day before at about 10:02 UTC. The series of earthquakes that followed ravaged southern Chile and ruptured a 1,000 km section of the fault between 37 and 48 degrees South latitude. This rupture was one of the longest ever reported. The earthquake epicenters delineated the SSW-NNE fault that is on shore in the north and submarine in the south. The number of fatalities associated with both the tsunami and the earthquake has been estimated at 5,700. Reportedly there were 3,000 injured; initially there were 717 missing in Chile. Earthquake Damage Accounts The Chilean government reported that 58,622 houses were completely destroyed. Damage (including tsunami damage) was more than $500 million U.S. Dollars. The heaviest damage occurred at Puerto Montt, Valdivia, Rio Negro, Lebu, Concepcion, Maldivia, Alerce, Valdivia, Rinihue, Totoral, and Villarica. Although Chile frequently experiences earthquakes, the buildings were not built to withstand a strong earthquake. Fortunately, the large foreshocks sent people into the streets. This saved some lives, because the main shock came a few minutes after one of these large foreshocks. Many of the buildings and homes were vacant when they fell. Tsunamis The main shock produced tsunamis that were not only destructive along the coast of Chile, but which also caused numerous casualties and extensive property damage in Hawaii and Japan. Abnormal wave runup was noticeable along shorelines throughout the Pacific Ocean area. In Hawaii, 6,600 miles from the epicenter, the tsunami killed 61 and injured 282. The damage there was $75 million. In Japan, the coast of Honshu was especially ravaged. There were 138 deaths, 85 missing, 855 injured, and 1,678 homes destroyed, with a total of $50 million in damage. Reportedly there were 32 missing and presumed dead in the Phillippines. The coasts of California, New Zealand, Australia and Kamchatka were also affected. Associated Geologic Events There were several other geologic phenomena associated with this event. Subsidence caused by the earthquake produced local flooding and permanently altered the shorelines of much of the area in Chile impacted by the earthquake. Landslides were common on Chilean hillsides. Many of these rock falls and landslides occurred in the Andes. The Puyehue volcano erupted 47 hours after the main shock. Chile Earthquake History Chile has experienced other large earthquakes since the 1960 event. Both the March 3, 1985, earthquake and the July 30, 1995, earthquake, had magnitudes of about 8. Historically, magnitude 8 earthquakes in Chile occur every 10 to 25 years. Many of these earthquakes produce tsunamis that often travel far beyond the shores of Chile producing devastation. It is only a matter of time until Chile once again has a "world-class" earthquake whose impact, like the 1960 Chile event, will be felt around the world.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Boundary locations throughout the state of Arkansas that include, but are not limited to, Army Installations and Airforce Installations.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSpostdoctoral,U.S.,profession,npa,research,researchers,science,enterprise,postdocs,community, nonprofit, stemSite with a series of articles showing how chemists and geologists use analytical chemistry to determine the age of the Earth, determine Earth's history, predict volcanic eruptions, observe long-term atmospheric change and study pollution.USGS map quandrangle boundaries with names and unique identifiers for the 1:24,000 (7.5 minute) quadrangles. Additional attributes provide unique identifiers and hierarchical relationships between these quadrangles and the enclosing 1:100,000 (30 x 60 minute) and 1:250,000 (1 x 2 degree) quadrangles.Search BitbucketThe eddy correlation (ECOR) flux measurement system provides in situ, half-hour measurements of the surface turbulent fluxes of momentum, sensible heat, latent heat, and carbon dioxide. The fluxes are obtained with the eddy covariance technique, which invo lves correlation of the vertical wind component with the horizontal wind component, the air temperature, the water vapor density, and the CO2 concentration. Instruments used are a fast-response, three-dimensional (3-D) wind sensor (sonic anemometer) to obt ain the orthogonal wind components and the speed of sound (SOS) (used to derive the air temperature) and an open-path infrared gas analyzer (IRGA) to obtain the water vapor density and the CO2 concentration. The ECOR systems are deployed at the locations w here other methods for surface flux measurements (e.g., energy balance Bowen ratio systems) are difficult to employ, primarily at the north edge of a field of crops.Gives map of streamflow conditions in Wyoming with access to streamflow data, real-time, daily and historic, plus information on drought analysis and management.Unknown oceanographic data were collected aboard the THOMAS JEFFERSON in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-05-23 to 2010-05-28 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include unknown data types. The instruments used to collect these data included unknown instruments along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0084596)USCRN "Processed" Data (labeled as "uscrn-processed"): are interpreted values and derived geophysical parameters with other quality indicators processed from raw data (both Datalogger files and/or Raw Data from GOES and NOAAPort) by the USCRN Team. Climate variable types include air temperature, precipitation, soil moisture, soil temperature, surface temperature, wetness, global solar radiation, relative humidity, and wind at 1.5 m above the ground. Many additional engineering variables are also available. These data have been decoded, quality-flagged, and processed into level 1 hourly data (the only applied quality control is rounding some values as they enter the database), and includes additional calculated values such as precipitation (5-minute and hourly), hourly maximum temperature, hourly minimum temperature, average temperature (5-minute and hourly), soil moisture (volumetric water content, 5-minute values at the 5 cm depth and and hourly values at all depths) for all dielectric values in range, layer average soil moisture (5 minute and hourly), and layer average soil temperature (5 minute and hourly). It is the general practice of USCRN to not calculate derived variables if the input data to these calculations are flagged. These data records are versioned based on the processing methods and algorithms used for the derivations (versions are noted within the data netCDF file), and data are updated when the higher quality raw data become available from stations' datalogger storage (Datalogger Files).Project Magnet data include low altitude, high density individual track line surveys, high altitude vector data and regional magnetic anomaly grids.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This DVD-ROM contains digital high resolution seismic reflection data collected during the USGS SEAX 96004 cruise. The coverage is the nearshore of the New York and New Jersey Apex. The seismic-reflection data are stored as SEG-Y standard format that can be read and manipulated by most seismic-processing software. Much of the information specific to the data are contained in the headers of the SEG-Y format files. The file system format is UDF (Universal Disc Format--ISO 9660 equivalent) which can be read with DOS, Unix, and MAC operating systems with the appropriate DVD-ROM driver software installed. For more information on the seismic surveys see http://woodshole.er.usgs.gov/operations/ia/public_ds_info.php?fa=1996-004-FA These data are also available via GeoMapApp (http://www.geomapapp.org/) and Virtual Ocean ( http://www.virtualocean.org/) earth science exploration and visualization applications.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Residential Life, ResLifeWhen a species is proposed for listing as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service must consider whether there are areas of habitat believed to be essential the species  conservation. Those areas may be proposed for designation as critical habitat.  Critical habitat is a term defined and used in the Act. It is a specific geographic area(s) that contains features essential for the conservation of a threatened or endangered species and that may require special management and protection. Critical habitat may include an area that is not currently occupied by the species but that will be needed for its recovery. An area is designated as critical habitat  after the Service publishes a proposed Federal regulation in the Federal Register and receives and considers public comments on the proposal. The final boundaries of the critical habitat are also published in the Federal Register.WMSEM300 and EM3002D multibeam Data were collected from 15 Jan - 6 Feb 2006 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Johnston Island, Howland Island, and Baker Island in the Central Pacific during cruise HI-06-01 These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time: for Johnston Island predicted tides from the NOS CO-OPS web site were used; for Baker and Howland Islands predicted tides based upon the Honolulu tide station (1612340) with a time corrector of 3 hrs 48 min and a range ratio of 3.91. Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from ~20 - 4720 m. Concurrent mapping was done by the R/V AHI in water depths ranging from 3-250 m with the data set being AHI-06-01; metadata for AHI-06-01 are submitted separately.Describes and illustrates that a broad range of chemicals found in residential, industrial, and agricultural wastewaters commonly occur in mixtures at low concentrations downstream from areas of intense urbanization and animal production.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Volcano Watch is a weekly newsletter issued by the U.S. Geological Survey's Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on volcanic features on the Big Island, volcanic hazards, and informational topics of Long Valley, Montserrat, or Alaska.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 4x4 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a sharply sloping swath of the St. John Shelf, a selected portion of seafloor south of St. John, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.101 year stable isotope record from P. lobata, core 4B, Clipperton Atoll, eastern Pacific. Sampling at annual and 12/year resolution, files clipperton.4B.iso.txt and clipperton.4B.iso.12yr.txt. 25 year stable isotope record, spanning 1994 to 1970, from cores 3C and 2B, Clipperton Atoll, as shown in Linsley et al 1999. Files clipperton.2B.iso.txt and clipperton.3C.iso.txt.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These data were originally developed and designed for Rhode Island Enhanced 9-1-1 purposes only. These data represents every known fire hydrant in the state of Rhode Island. These data include, both addressed and unaddressed structures including occupied and unoccupied structures.This data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 38 three-band ADS40 scenes. These full scenes were not sufficient to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery. Additional imagery was used for classifying obsucred areas. All scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on St Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Online tools for mapping mercury data in the environment, with downloadable data from monitoring studiesObject Class: Canal Definition: An artificial waterway with no flow, or a controlled flow, used for navigation, or for draining or irrigating land (ditch). (United States Geological Survey, Jan.89) Distinction: canal bank; river; lake; tideway;Pozrite sa do datab zy vedomost podpory Mozilla a f ra podpory.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico Mountain Ranges (327bfbb2-5bca-413b-a0dd-e0acce724d36)The US Science Operator for the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 2004-2013 for worldwide expeditions numbering between 301 through 346. IODP was an international marine research program that explored Earth's history and structure recorded in seafloor sediments and rocks, and monitors subseafloor environments, building upon the earlier successes of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) and Ocean Drilling Program (ODP), which revolutionized our view of Earth history and global processes through ocean basin exploration. IODP expanded the reach of these previous programs by using multiple drilling platforms, including riser, riserless, and mission-specific, to achieve its scientific goals. The IODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries, only the U.S. component of IODP data is represented in this archive. In 2010, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) began receiving core data processed through the JANUS data system at TAMU for long-term archival, beginning with Expedition 301. In 2013, the first data from the new LIMS data system at TAMU reached the archive, beginning with Expedition 317. In addition to digital core data from the JANUS and LIMS systems, which is available online, core images and other scanned documents and images are also archived. Digital imagery is available on request, but not offered online due to its volume.Quantifies the landscape changes and consequences of natural gas extraction by digitizing indications of disturbance on NAIP aerial photographs and using these with the NLCD to show land use-land cover change.Data available online at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov This Geographic Information System dataset may be described as the 2004 LIDAR-based Digital Elevation Model (DEM) for Benton and Washington Counties in Arkansas. Vertical units are in Feet. This raster (25ft resolution) Digital Elevation Model (DEM) was generated using a bare earth point cloud obtained from Landair Mapping, Inc as part of the August 2004 LIDAR acquisition (Washington & Benton Counties, AR) coordinated by John McLarty, Elizabeth Bowen, Brian Culpepper, and Dr. Jack Cothren of the Northwest Arkansas Imagery Task Force. This collaborative project was made possible due the financial support provided by the numerous State, Federal, local government, and private sector entities who actively participated in the Northwest Arkansas Imagery Task Force meetings hosted by the NWARPC during 2004. Users of these data owe a special thanks to John McLarty (NWARPC) and Elizabeth Bowen (Benton County GIS Coordinator) for their superior leadership during this effort. Funding to support the distribution of this data via Arkansas' GeoStor was made possible by Mullins Library at the University of Arkansas, FayettevilleWMSThis data set is a complete digital hydrologic unit boundary layer to the Subwatershed (12-digit) 6th level for the State of Arkansas. This data set consists of geo-referenced digital data and associated attributes created in accordance with the "FGDC Proposal, Version 1.0 - Federal Standards For Delineation of Hydrologic Unit Boundaries 3/01/02"(http://www.ftw.nrcs.usda.gov/huc_data.html). Polygons are attributed with hydrologic unit codes for 4th level sub-basins, 5th level watersheds, 6th level subwatersheds, name, size, downstream hydrologic unit, type of watershed, non-contributing areas and flow modification. Arcs are attributed with the highest hydrologic unit code for each watershed, line source and a metadata reference file.This shapefile denotes the location of underwater photos and/or video that were collected by NOAA scientists using a Spectrum Phantom S2 ROV (remotely operated vehicle). Photos and/or video were collected between 03/18/2010 and 04/05/2010 along 33 transects south of St. John and St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands. These photos and videos will be manually classified into different habitat classes, and integrated with the abiotic data collected by the acoustic sonar (sound navigation and ranging) systems to develop a benthic habitat map for the U.S. Caribbean. Habitat maps describe the location of habitat features (in relation to the shoreline), their physical composition and the types of organisms that colonize them. Fundamentally, habitat maps provide critical information about the extent, health and composition of marine resources, which is vital for communicating information about the distribution and abundance of species to resource managers, scientists and the p ublic. Habitat maps also support an increasing number of landscape ecology studies, as well as the process of marine spatial planning, including the design and evaluation of marine protected areas (MPAs).WMSThe U.S. National Ice Core Laboratory (NICL) is a facility in the Denver Federal Center, Colorado, for long-term storage, curating, and studying ice cores recovered from the polar regions of the world with information on public tours.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.CURATEcamp (en)Palmyra Island Monthly Coral Oxygen Isotope Data. 112-yr, monthly-resolved coral record from Palmyra Island (5 deg 52 min N, 162 deg 8 min W). The coral was drilled in ~30' of water from the reef flat extending off the west side of the island. The data are in two columns: date (in year) and oxygen isotopic value (per mill). The data are monthly samples of the raw dataset and have not been deseasoned or detrended. We calculate the analytical precision at less than 0.05 per mill, based on over 500 measurements of an internal aragonitic laboratory standard measured while running the Palmyra coral.Physical and profile oceanographic data were collected aboard the ENDEAVOR in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-06-17 to 2010-06-30 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include temperature. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0084592)12/08/10 Changes - Added the Garrison Rural Water District 08/17/10 Changes - Transferred territory from the Southeast Water Users District - Central to the Barnes Rural Water District 4/02/08 Changes - Excluded State Line Cooperative areas from South Central Water District (under development area) 10/15/07 Changes - Added the Upper Souris Rural Water District The individual systems represent the exact boundary areas served by a Water District for operating a rural water systemResidential Life, ResLifeFish larvae counts and standardized counts for eggs captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]) . Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes only tows where one or more larvae were captured for the species selected by the user, i.e., no \\\\"zero\\\\" tows. The \\\\"Larvae Counts\\\\" table includes all tows by species, i.e., both positive and negative tows.On this web site you will find information on the Ocean Data Standards process, on the adopted Standards, the Partners and a wealth of background information on methods and guidelines for oceanographic data management.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 8x8 meter cell size representing the slope (in degrees) of St. John Shelf and the Virgin Passage, selected portions of seafloor south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, derived from data collected in March and April 2010. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/18/10 to 4/6/09. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10. Slope was derived from this surface using the slope calculator, a function of ESRI's Spatial Analyst extension. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.the ritual project Search the ritual project - connecting cognition and culture in homo ritualisOffi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tutePython 3.4.3 documentation Search Python 3.4.3 documentationThe NEFSC bottom trawl survey is a fisheries independent, multi-species survey that provides the primary scientific data for fisheries assessments in the U.S. mid-Atlantic and New England regions. Two bottom trawl surveys are conducted each year, one in the spring and one in the autumn. The survey is a standardized, stratified random design, with stratification based on bathymetry and multiple trawl sites within each stratum. Trawl sites are selected randomly, but the overall ship path is south to north. The survey covers the continental shelf and U.S. exclusive economic zone (EEZ) from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina into the Canadian EEZ. The primary gear is a bottom trawl, with CTD, multifrequency echosounder, and a host of other scientific sensor data collected ancillary to the bottom trawl catches.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Not EnteredChemical, physical and profile oceanographic data were collected aboard the F. G. Walton Smith in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-06-01 to 2010-06-06 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069115)CGSpace CGSpace DSpace repositoryU.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior - The Hurricane Sandy Supplemental Funding lidar and DEM acquisition plan is part of the 3DEP initiative to systematically collect enhanced elevation data (Quality Level 2) in the form of high-quality light detection and ranging (lidar) data over the conterminous United States, Hawaii, and the territories on an 8-year schedule. The FY15 Hurricane Sandy acquisition plan currently anticipates collecting 20,000 - 30,000 sq. mi. within the impacted area. Exact area collected will depend on partnerships and other contributions to the plan. Interested parties who wish to become a funding partner with the USGS FY15 or in future years should contact a USGS Geospatial Liaison - http://liaisons.usgs.gov/geospatial/documents/TNM_Partnership_User_ContactList.pdf. The activity will be coordinated with NOAA (co-lead OMB A-16 agency) and other Federal agencies collecting and managing elevation data through the National Digital Elevation Program (NDEP) steering committee and the NSTC Interagency Working Group on Ocean and Coastal Mapping (IWG-OCM). Products will include: raw point cloud, classified point cloud, 1M DEM, and other standard derived NED datasets. To find out more about the 3DEP initiative go to http://nationalmap.gov/3DEP.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the research carried out here, with special emphasis on fish and the people and equipment used to study them.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Idaho 2008 305(b) & 303(d) Integrated Report - Water Quality. Every two years, DEQ is required by the federal Clean Water Act to conduct a comprehensive analysis of Idaho's water bodies to determine whether they meet state water quality standards and support beneficial uses or if additional pollution controls are needed. This analysis is summarized in an "Integrated Water Quality Monitoring and Assessment Report" (Integrated Report), which is submitted to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for approval. The report serves as a guide for developing and implementing water quality improvement plans (total maximum daily loads, or TMDLs) to protect water quality and achieve federal and state water quality standards.The AFSC AGEDATA database is a collection of historic and ongoing fish ageing efforts by the Alaska Fisheries Science Center's Age and Growth Program from 1982 to present. The database contains over 900,000 observations of biological and collection data from survey and observer fish specimen collections spanning from 1976 to 2014. Primarily the species aged are comprised of commercially important species of Alaska and the west coast such as walleye pollock, Pacific cod, rockfish, sablefish, and flatfish, although smaller numbers of other species are included as well such as skates, sculpins, and forage fish species. Specimen data includes fish age estimates, fish length, sex, weight, collection coordinates, date of collection, fish ageing methodologies, age reader information, and ageing structure descriptions.Scientific DataThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record. Survey types are B: Hydrographic EEZ Surveys; D: Discovery Surveys; H: Hydrographic Surveys; F: Field Edit Surveys; W: Non-NOS Hydrographic Surveys.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Preliminary aerial helicopter reconnaissance of areas affected by landslides and ground inspections at some accessible landslide sites.This data includes segments of Arkansas streams that have been designated as Trout Waters, as indicated by Regulation No. 2 of the Arkansas Pollution Control And Ecology Commission. It consists of a subset of the stream segments from the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) Medium Resolution (1:100,000) Flowline.The ASCII datasets contain pressure values measured at 10-min intervals at the seafloor and several subseafloor depths in two "Advanced CORK" hydrologic observatories installed by ODP in 2001 at Sites 808I and 1173B in the Nankai Trough subduction zone. The datasets were downloaded from logger memory using Japanese research submersibles at irregular intervals of 1-2 years. Currently there are 14 total datasets as follows: downloads at 808I in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, and 2012; downloads at 1173B in 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2011, and 2012. They should be of interest to scientists studying seismogenic processes at subduction zones. Please note that much of the data from 808I may be compromised by the lack of seal for the central bore. In addition, several of the valves on both installations were bumped open by a reentry camera frame during deployment, so the first year's installment of data from both sites was compromised until the valves were closed during the 2002 Kaiko operations. There are separate data files for each of the downloads. Each data file has a header of basic metadata that describes the contents of the columns and the respective checks on logger clock drift. Typically, the clock drift was checked just before each download, and the clocks were then reset to UTC immediately after the respective downloads. In three cases, the records of the logger times checks have been misplaced and the drifts computed from other clock checks (consistent from year to year at each site, order 1-2 minutes per year) are reported. Note that the times in the data files have not been corrected for the clock drift. Also, during some of the download operations, there were attempts to calibrate the relative offsets among gauges by opening the seafloor valves to apply seafloor pressure to all the gauges. These are not reflected in the main data files. The installations have battery power for 10-15 years of operation, longer with planned addition of supplemental batteries, so there should be future downloads to add to the archive. There are likely to be future JAMSTEC download opportunities at unpredictable intervals, hopefully every 1-2 years. At approximately 5 Mb/yr, future datasets should be approximately 5-10 Mb in size.The goal of this project is to quantify, at the National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation&amp;apos;s coast to sea- level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables coastal geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tidal range, wave height, historical rates of relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables furnishes a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.Wikitech (en)Search the library CatalogThe Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) mandates that each fishery be classified by the level of serious injury and mortality of marine mammals that occurs incidental to each fishery is reported in the annual Marine Mammal Stock Assessment Reports for each stock. The LOF is the annual publication that updates these classifications. NOAA Fisheries has developed and implemented fishery classification criteria, which consists of a two-tiered, stock-specific approach. This two-tiered approach first addresses the total impact of all fisheries on each marine mammal stock and then addresses the impact of individual fisheries on each stock. This approach is based on the rate, in numbers of animals per year, of incidental mortalities and serious injuries of marine mammals due to commercial fishing operations relative to a stock's PBR level. The PBR level is defined (50 CFR 229.2) as the maximum number of animals, not including natural mortalities, that may be removed from a marine mammal stock while allowing that stock to reach or maintain its optimum sustainable population. While Tier 1 considers the cumulative fishery mortality and serious injury for a particular stock, Tier 2 considers fishery-specific mortality for a particular stock. Tier 1: annual mortality and serious injury across all fisheries that interact with a stock: If the total is ?10% of the PBR level of this stock, all fisheries interacting with this stock would be placed in Category III. Otherwise, these fisheries are subject to the next tier (Tier 2) of analysis to determine their classification. Tier 2: Annual mortality and serious injury of a stock in a given fishery is: Category I: ?50% of the PBR level Category II: between 1% and 50% of the PBR level Category III: ?1% of the PBR level Category I & II fisheries are then subject to the Marine Mammal Authorization Program, potential take reduction measures, and must carry an observer when requested by NOAA or its designate.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.Many different partners and groups, and several Center-led data projects, have contributed to the lidar data collection housed and distributed by the NOAA Coastal Services Center. The data span more than a decade and were collected using several different sensors. The collection includes data from topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors. Data are available for all of the coastal states and range from shoreline strips to full county coverage. The products have been delivered to the Center in various formats, projections, datums, and units. Once received, the data are reviewed, checked for errors, and standardized in a single format, projection, and datum.Search Lewis & Clark content.Describes the types of concerns and observations used to help area resource managers analyze actual or potential changes in this highly developed ecosystem.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.0125 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.During the three week NOAA Ocean Exploration project, Bermuda Deep Water Caves 2011: Dives of Discovery, our four member deep team, aided by numerous assistants, conducted eight deep offshore dives to a maximum depth of 448 ft., in addition to eight photo, instrument deployment, and exploration dives in inland caves systems. Principal discoveries made during the expedition were a natural bridge cave at 215 ft. depth on the northern edge of the main Bermuda platform, a drowned reef at nearly the same depth off the south shore, a sea level notch at 370 ft. at the eastern edge, and regularly spaced vertical rifts and jagged, possibly volcanic, cliffs along the southeastern side of Challenger Bank at depths to nearly 450 ft. All of these features were formed during the Ice Ages when world sea level had retreated to the depths that we reached on these dives.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Western Mineral Resources home page with links to projects to assess the mineral resources and mineral related environmental problems of the western region of the United States. Also links to products, offices, facts, FAQs and newsletter.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS satellite imagery. A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes thirteen zones. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 45.2 square kilometers of which 4.4 were unconsolidated sediment and 40.9 were coral reef and hard bottom. Of the coral reef and hard bottom class, 59.9% is colonized by greater than 10% coral cover.semanticweb.org (en)This dataset represents the availability of broadband Internet access in Rhode Island via all wireline technologies assessed by Broadband Rhode Island. Broadband availability is summarized at the census block level using the US Census Bureau's 2010 decennial census measurement areas. Broadband is considered to be available within a census block if a facilities-based provider of broadband service currently serves at least one location within the block, or can provide broadband services of minimal characteristics to at least one location within the block within 7 - 10 business days. For each census block, the provider name and the respective technologies they provide are represented. In addition, general categories for maximum advertised upload and download speeds are also reported for most provider / technology type / census block combinations. These data were compiled by Broadband Rhode Island (http://broadband.ri.gov) in support of the National Telecommunications and Infrastructure Administration (NTIA) State Broadband Initiative (http://www2.ntia.doc.gov/sbdd).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.This map was created as part of a worldwide series of geologic maps for the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project. These products are available on CD-ROM and the Internet. The goal of the project is to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world. Two previously published digital geologic data sets (U.S. and Caribbean) were clipped to the map extent, while the dataset for Mexico was digitized for this project. Original attributes for all data layers were maintained, and in some cases, graphically merged with common symbology for presentation purposes. The world has been divided into geologic provinces that are used for allocation and prioritization of oil and gas assessments. For the World Energy Project, a subset of those provinces is shown on this map. Each province has a set of geologic characteristics that distinguish it from surrounding provinces. These characteristics may include dominant lithologies, the age of the strata, and/or structural type. The World Geographic Coordinate System of 1984 is used for data storage, and the data are presented in a Lambert Conformal Conic Projection on the OFR 97-470-L map product. Other details about the map compilation and data sources are provided in metadata documents in the data section on this CD-ROM. Several software packages were used to create this map including: Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc. (ESRI) ArcGIS 8.3, ArcInfo software, Adobe Photoshop CS, Illustrator CS, and Acrobat 6.0.Daily streamflow data and drought conditions for Maine.The Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) plans to perform a coastal survey along the Gulf Coast in 2016 with funding provided by the US Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) National Coastal Mapping Program (NCMP). The data types to be collected include bathymetric and topographic lidar point data, down-looking aerial imagery and hyperspectral imagery. The collection effort will follow the coastline and extend 500m inland and 1000m offshore or to bathymetric lidar extinction, whichever comes first. Topographic lidar data will have a nominal sub-meter post-spacing. Where water conditions permit, the bathymetric lidar data will have nominal 2m x 2m postings. Vertical accuracy of the topographic lidar data will meet or exceed RMSEZ=15 cm. Bathymetric lidar data will have a vertical accuracy of 30 cm, 2-sigma. The aerial imagery will have a pixel size approximately 20cm and the hyperspectral imagery will be provided in 1m pixels containing 36 spectral bands between 375 - 1050 nm with 19 nm bandwidth. The data will be collected on the NAD83 ellipsoid using NGS published monuments as control. Final data will be tied horizontally to NAD83 (NSRS 2007) in geographic coordinates. Vertical measurements will be converted from NAD83 ellipsoid heights in meters to NAVD88 orthometric heights using the current Geoid model at the time of acquisition. Data products from this survey effort will include topographic and bathymetric lidar point clouds in LAS format, an NAVD88 0m shoreline contour, and a series of raster data products including topo/bathy digital elevation models (DEMs), true-color aerial image mosaics, hyperspectral image mosaics, laser reflectance images and basic landcover classification images. Images of water column properties (i.e. chlorophyll and CDOM concentrations) will also be generated. Within 6 months of completing the data acquisition, these final data products will be available for public use in the absence of any unforeseen data processing delays.The USGS structures downloadable data from The National Map consists of data to include the name, function, location, and other core information and characteristics of selected manmade facilities. The types of structures collected are largely determined by the needs of disaster planning and emergency response, and homeland security organizations. Structures data are designed to be used in general mapping and in the analysis of structure related activities using geographic information system technology. The National Map structures data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as elevation, boundaries, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. For additional information, go to http://nationalmap.gov/structures.html.Montgomery County DataThe design of this field mission is three fold: (1) to spatially characterize the distribution, abundance and size of both reef fishes and macro invertebrates within and around the waters of the Flower Gardens National Marine Sanctuary using, (2) to relate this information to in-situ data collected on associated habitat parameters and (3) to use hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of East and West Bank. This information collected will be used to evaluate the utility of an experimental fishing closure on one of the most pristine reefs under US jurisdiction in the tropical Western Atlantic. Data collected during this mission (pre-closure) will provide baseline information necessary to evaluate closure efficacy and assess whether the closure should become permanent.Links to descriptions, maps, photos, and reports of projects related to studies of the effects of dams and flow regulation in watersheds altered by humans in the state of Michigan including Muskegon and Kalamazoo Rivers and the Seney refuge.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 11 towboard surveys (28.1420 km in length), were conducted at Lanai Island during the Main Hawaiian Islands RAMP Cruise HI0610 from July 27 - August 20 2006. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.EM300 and EM3002D multibeam Data were collected from 17 July-08 August 2005 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Niihau, Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, and Maui in the Main Hawaiian Islands during cruise HI-05-05. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time and observed tides were applied in post-processing. Horizontal accuracy is 5 m (differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from ~20-1000m.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Ground Radiation (GNDRAD) collection of radiometers provides the TWP, NSA, and AMFs with continuous measurements of broadband shortwave (solar) and longwave (infrared) irradiances for upwelling components. These 1-minute data are collected to help dete rmine the total radiative energy exchange at each specific research site location.This data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full Quickbird multispectral scene upto 4 additional scenes were used to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery both scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Tinian, CNMI.The work developed baseline information on fish and benthic communities within the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary (FGBNMS). Surveys employed diving, technical diving, ROV, and hydroacoustics technologies for a comprehensive assessment of the fish and benthic habitat communities of the East and West Bank. The FGBNMS represents the northernmost tropical western Atlantic coral reef on the continental shelf and support the most highly developed offshore hard bank community in the region. The complexity of habitats supports a diverse assemblage of organisms including approximately 250 species of fish, 23 species of coral, and 80 species of algae in addition to large sponge communities. Understanding and monitoring these resources is critical to both sanctuary inventory and management activities. During the course of the sanctuary's management plan review process, the impact of fishing was identified as a priority issue, and the concept of a research only area was suggested. The purpose of this project will be to provide baseline data for all benthic habitats and communities.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.U.S. map of real-time streamflow compared to historical values with links to U.S. maps and data of surface water, ground water, precipitation, river conditions and floods and other information on current and past water resources conditions.The Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) LAS dataset is a survey of select areas within Southwest Florida. These data were produced for the Southwest Florida Water Management District (SWFWMD). The Manatee / Little Manatee LiDAR Survey project area consists of approximately 176 square miles. This data set falls in Manatee County. The LiDAR point cloud was flown at a density sufficient to support a maximum final post spacing of 6 feet for unobscured areas. 3001 inc. acquired 445 flightlines between February 11, 2005 and April 14, 2005. The data was divided into 5000' by 5000' foot cells that serve as the tiling scheme. The Manatee / Little Manatee LiDAR Survey was collected under the guidance of a Professional Mapper/Surveyor.This GIS shapefile data illustrates the regional, subregional, and local transit corridors included in the Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan community growth option of compact and dispersed development (Option B). This network accommodates a land use pattern focused on fixed transit corridors linking regional and subregional centers, while accomodating dispersed development along roadways. The network represents a balanced transportation network with modest investment in roadways and transit. The routes are based on data from the Louisiana State Department of Transportation and Development (DOTD) Statewide Transportation Plan. Projects include transportation investments identified in the Statewide Transportation Improvement Program (STIP) and projects from local Metropolitan Planning Organization Master Transportation Plans (MTP) as well as input from Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan workshops. The Louisiana Speaks Regional Plan process study area includes the 35 southernmost parishes of Louisiana.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data is provided at high resolution (0.01 degrees) for the North Pacific Ocean. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Previous work on red grouper leading up to the last stock assessment suggested that red grouper were not synchronous in reproductive development and many individuals, while of a size and age considered mature, may not be reproductively active each year. Better understanding of this phenomenon was deemed very important by the assessment review panel. The vermilion snapper assessments conducted in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic have experienced difficulties contending with extremely high variances in size-at-age. The primary goal of this work is to collect life history information on red grouper and vermilion snapper. The project will focus on collecting reproductive samples from red grouper and age samples from vermilion snapper. The samples will be taken from the central and southwestern shelf of west Florida, which will complement samples from other areas. Information on habitat will be collected to compare possible differences in life history parameters among different habitat types. The project will conduct 14 eight-day trips over 18 mo to collect gonads and otoliths from red grouper and vermilion snapper. Samples, including length and weight of individual fish, will be collected according to NMFS protocol and delivered to NMFS for analyses. Specific sites will be sampled to allow NMFS scientists to identify potential differences between growth and reproductive rates among the selected sites.The river mileage established by the US Army Corps of Engineers St. Paul District is from Plates 2-13 from the Souris-Red-Rainy River Basins, Red River Type II Study, Red River Main Stem, Regional Floodplain Area. The drawings are dated 1972. These drawings cover the Red River from Emerson, Manitoba (Canada) to White Rock Dam on the north end of Mud Lake. Included in the Omaha District are the Missouri, Little Missouri, Yellowstone and James Rivers.PI: William Dietrich, University of California, Berkeley The project area consists of two polygons totally approximately 28 square kilometers located 10 kilometers northwest of the north end of the Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, CA. The project area was flown on Thursday, December 7, 2006.Marine mammal viewing in the Northeast Region is managed through voluntary whale watching guidelines. Industry may include commercial whale watching vessels, charter whale watches, dolphin and/or seal watches.Dr. Christopher Jenkins of the University of Colorado Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR), produced this data hypercube derived from the prime data (exclusive of G.R.A.P.E. and logging data) of the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP). The Deep-Sea Drilling Project legacy data on the lithologies and physical properties of core recoveries is reprocessed into a uniformly formatted, integrated dataset which can be worked on in a wide range of software applications for query, analysis, mapping and visualization. The goal is to create a dataset which is able to be used efficiently across many science disciplines, especially in the fields of global change, ocean management and earth sciences research. The hypercube data model allows scientists and others to easily comprehend and work with the data layout and content. The integration has employed methods of standardization, linguistic parsing, error trapping, uncertainty analysis, and presentation that have developed and been validated over a decade of use in dbSEABED, for marine ecology, resources, engineering, research and survey. Nevertheless integration of the DSDP dataset has been challenging, not all the DSDP data could be treated successfully.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution bathymetry of an inshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The CAGES program (Comparative Assessment of Gulf Estuarine Systems) is designed to examine the differences between estuarine ecosystems and investigate why some are more productive than others. The program focuses on estuarine areas important to commercial fisheries and includes data on commercial finfish and invertebrate species, as well as other species commonly captured in trawl sampling. This Mississippi dataset is a subset of the CAGES Relational Database which is a compilation of fishery-independent data contributed by natural resource agencies of the Gulf States (Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida). This data set includes data from trawls collected by the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources and the University of Southern Mississippi's Gulf Coast Research Laboratory (MDMR/GCRL), as well as associated hydrographic data. Trawl data were used to calculate CPUE (catch per unit effort) at each station for the years 1973 through 2005.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Uses, sources, and history of Nickel as a mineral commodity.Proxy methods allow us to estimate ancient ocean temperatures but only if the method is calibrated using modern samples for which we measure the temperature. This is a proxy method using a sediment trap to collect planktonic foraminifera.Bathymetry for Narragansett Bay was derived from fifteen surveys containing165,184 soundings. Three older, less accurate, overlapping surveys wereentirely omitted, and the overlap from six older, less accurate surveys wasomitted before tinning the data. The average separation between soundingswas 50 meters. The fifteen surveys used dated from 1943 to 1957. The total rangeof sounding data was 1.2 meters to - 58.8 meters at mean low water. Meanhigh water values between 0.9 and 1.4 meters were assigned to the shoreline.Four points were found that were not consistent with the surrounding data.These were removed prior to tinning. DEM grid values outside theshoreline (on land) were assigned null values (-32676).Narragansett Bay has thirteen 7.5 minute DEMs and a single one degreeDEM. The 1 degree DEMs were generated from the higher resolution 7.5minute DEMs which covered the estuary. A Digital Elevation Model(DEM) contains a series of elevations ordered from south to northwith the order of the columns from west to east. The DEM isformatted as one ASCII header record (A- record), followed by aseries of profile records (B- records) each of which include a shortB-record header followed by a series of ASCII integer elevations(typically in units of 1 centimeter) per each profile. The lastphysical record of the DEM is an accuracy record (C-record).The 7.5-minute DEM (30- by 30-m data spacing) is cast on theUniversal Transverse Mercator (UTM) projection. It provides coveragein 7.5- by 7.5-minute blocks. Each product provides the samecoverage as a standard USGS 7.5-minute quadrangle but the DEMcontains over edge data. Coverage is available for many estuaries ofthe contiguous United States but is not complete.Chart showing 13 volcanoes on a map of Washington, Oregon, and northern California, along with time lines for each volcano showing the ages of their eruptions.(USGS text) The U.S. Geological Survey has developed a National Elevation Dataset (NED). The NED is a seamless mosaic of best-available elevation data. The 7.5-minute elevation data for the conterminous United States are the primary initial source data. In addition to the availability of complete 7.5-minute data, efficient processing methods were developed to filter production artifacts in the existing data, convert to the NAD83 datum, edge-match, and fill slivers of missing data at quadrangle seams. One of the effects of the NED processing steps is a much-improved base of elevation data for calculating slope and hydrologic derivatives. The specifications for the NED 1 arc second and 1/3 arc second data are: Geographic coordinate system Horizontal datum of NAD83, except for AK which is NAD27 Vertical datum of NAVD88, except for AK which is NAVD29 Z units of metersThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Descriptions of mines, prospects, and mineral occurrences in Alaska.NOAA OceanWatch provides a blended sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from both microwave and infrared sensors carried on multiple platforms. The microwave instruments can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds, though the resolution is a bit coarse when considering features typical of the coastal environment. These are complemented by the relatively fine measurements of infrared sensors. The blended data are provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.1 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft, NOAA's Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer, NOAA GOES Imager, and NASA's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MODIS). THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL PRODUCT: intended strictly for scientific evaluation by professional marine scientists.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Map of stream conditions and links to precipitation data, drought statistics, and information on floods and droughts in Illinois.WMSBayesian Shoreline Change Prediction - A Bayesian network (BN) that was developed to predict long-term shoreline change associated with sea-level rise. The data consist of information compiled as part of the U.S. Geological Survey Coastal Vulnerability Index for the U.S. coastline. In this work, the Bayesian network is used to define relationships between driving forces, geologic constraints, and coastal response which are represented by observations of local rates of relative sea-level rise, wave height, tide range, geomorphic classification, coastal slope, and shoreline change rate. Using this information, the BN is used to make probabilistic predictions of shoreline retreat in response to different future sea-level rise rates.Explains how we use lead, where it comes from, and how we might ensure that we have adequate supplies of this mineral commodity in the future.Report on the status of the biota and ecological factors of the inland lakes of the Great Lakes Cluster Parks: Indiana Dunes, Sleeping Bear Dunes,and Pictured Rocks National Lakeshores and Isle Royale and Voyageurs National Parks. (PDF file, 321 p.)Deck41 is a digital summary of surficial sediment composition for 36,401 seafloor samples worldwide. Data include collecting source, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, dominant lithology, secondary lithology, and a brief description of the surficial sediment at the location. Descriptions were abstracted largely from unpublished laboratory reports and core log sheets contributed to the National Oceanographic Data Center prior to 1975. Descriptions were assigned by Ms. Susie Bershad,and Dr. Martin Weiss of the Marine Geology and Geophysics Branch of NODC, which was transferred to the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in 1976, at which time compilation ceased. Data are free for online search and download.The U.S. Hourly Climate Normals for 1981 to 2010 are 30-year averages of meteorological parameters for thousands of U.S. stations located across the 50 states, as well as U.S. territories, commonwealths, the Compact of Free Association nations, and one station in Canada. NOAA Climate Normals are a large suite of data products that provide users with many tools to understand typical climate conditions for thousands of locations across the United States. As many NWS stations as possible are used, including those from the NWS Cooperative Observer Program (COOP) Network as well as some additional stations that have a Weather Bureau Army-Navy (WBAN) station identification number, including stations from the Climate Reference Network (CRN). The comprehensive U.S. Climate Normals dataset includes various derived products including daily air temperature normals (including maximum and minimum temperature normal, heating and cooling degree day normal, and others), precipitation normals (including snowfall and snow depth, percentiles, frequencies and other), and hourly normals (all normal derived from hourly data including temperature, dew point, heat index, wind chill, wind, cloudiness, heating and cooling degree hours, pressure normals). Users can access the data either by product or by station. Included in the dataset is extensive documentation to describe station metadata, filename descriptions, and methodology of producing the data. All data utilized in the computation of the 1981-2010 Climate Normals were taken from the ISD Lite (a subset of derived Integrated Surface Data), the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily dataset, and standardized monthly temperature data (COOP). These source datasets (including intermediate datasets used in the computation of products) are also archived at the NOAA NCDC.This dataset contains well log observations compiled by the Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology, and published as a Web feature service for the National Geothermal Data System. Fields in the Well Log Observation Content Model will become XML elements in interchange documents for WMS simple features provided by a node in the USGIN network. Each feature includes a Log Name, Log type, data access instructions and Source. The dataset is spatially referenced to EPSG: 4326 (for interoperability). The data contained in the submitted dataset is available as an Excel Spreadsheet, ESRI service, WMS and WFS service. Link to Well Log Observation Content Model: http://stategeothermaldata.org/data_delivery/content_models/well_log_observation.In advance of design, permitting, and construction of a pipeline to deliver North Slope natural gas to out-of-state customers and Alaska communities, the Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys (DGGS) has acquired lidar (light detection and ranging) data along proposed pipeline routes, nearby areas of infrastructure, and regions where significant geologic hazards have been identified. Lidar data will serve multiple purposes, but have primarily been collected to (1) evaluate active faulting, slope instability, thaw settlement, erosion, and other engineering constraints along proposed pipeline routes, and (2) provide a base layer for the state-federal GIS database that will be used to evaluate permit applications and construction plans. The digital surface model represents percent canopy cover (between 0 and 1). Cover metric was computed in Fusion (McGaughey 2007), which assesses the percentage of total first returns within each cell that were returned from the canopy. For more specifics on Fusion Gridmetric outputs see the fusion manual (page 56).The NAIP National Metadata Map contains USGS Quarter Quad and NAIP Seamline boundaries for every year NAIP imagery has been collected. Clicking on the map also makes available a number of metadata fields which describe the day, time, camera, aircraft, and location of NAIP collection. There is also a link which will open an FGDC compliant metadata text file for each NAIP USGS Quarter Quad collected.The Afrobarometer is an independent, nonpartisan research project that measures the social, political, and economic atmosphere in AfricaCardinal Scholar Cardinal Scholar DSpace repositoryThese locations of methane seeps in the northern US Atlantic margin were derived from analysis of multibeam and water column data collected during several expeditions of the NOAA Ship Okeanos Explorer. The results of the analysis were published in a paper titled "Widespread methane leakage from the sea floor on the northern US Atlantic margin" by A. Skarke, C. Ruppel, M. Kodis, D. Brothers, and E. Lobecker.USCRN Monthly Products are available on public FTP and derived from the USCRN processed data. Monthly products include averages and calculated values for precipitation, air temperature, solar radiation, and surface temperature on a monthly time scale. Other products are available from USCRN, including sub-hourly, hourly, and daily products. It is the general practice of USCRN to not calculate derived variables if the input data to these calculations are flagged. These data records are versioned based on the processing methods and algorithms used for the derivations, and data are updated when the higher quality raw data become available from stations' datalogger storage (Datalogger Files).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThis shapefile is an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1998 TIGER/Line files detailing landmarks, land-use areas and key geographic locations. CUGIR, The Cornell University Geospatial Information Repository, using US Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census data, developed the GIS data set versions of 1998 Census TIGER/Line files for 10 coverages for each of the 62 counties in New York State.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.WMSExplains 16 distinct types of scientific information that are needed to understand climate change, including the specific parameters measured, why they are needed, who measures them, and the type and amount of information that are not yet available.The USGS National Coal Assessment provides a quantitative study of the nation's coal endowment. Links to digital publications with maps for the Illinois Basin, Colorado, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico, and Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Software and data to help people model the likely response of populations of organisms to various strategies that might be employed to remedy the effects of damaged ecosystems.Non-larval fish captured in MOCNESS tows as part of a few special studies. This table includes only tows where one or more eggs were captured for the species selected by the user, i.e., no \\\\"zero\\\\" tows. The \\\\"Fish Counts\\\\" table includes all tows by species, i.e., both positive and negative tows.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.WMSThe USGS Structures service from The National Map (TNM) consists of data to include the name, function, location, and other core information and characteristics of selected manmade facilities. The types of structures collected are largely determined by the needs of disaster planning and emergency response, and homeland security organizations. Structures data are designed to be used in general mapping and in the analysis of structure related activities using geographic information system technology. The National Map structures data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, hydrography, and transportation, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain structures data in either Esri File Geodatabase or Shapefile formats. For additional information on the structures data model, go to http://nationalmap.gov/structures.html.GLOBEC The GCMD database holds more than 25,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.This data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full Quickbird multispectral scene 1 additional scene was used to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery both scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Agrihan, CNMI.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Online catalog of reports and data on coastal change hazards, indexed by author, agency, project, location, feature type, and topicThis map layer shows seismic hazard in the United States. The data represent a model showing the probability that ground motion will reach a certain level. This map layer shows peak horizontal ground acceleration (the fastest measured change in speed, for a particle at ground level that is moving horizontally due to an earthquake) with a 10% probability of exceedance in 50 years. Values are given in %g, where g is acceleration due to gravity, or 9.8 meters/second^2. The lines of equal hazard, which are the lines between the polygons, were determined by interpolating from a grid of equally spaced points in latitude and longitude. Each point was weighted based on the seismic hazard at that location. The grid spacing is 0.1 degrees for Alaska, 0.05 degrees for the conterminous United States, and 0.02degrees for Hawaii.Coal resources, stratigraphy, geochemistry, coal quality and geology of coal in the Colorado Plateau, Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. Text in PDF format and available on CD-ROM.GAP distribution models represent the areas where species are predicted to occur based on habitat associations. GAP distribution models are the spatial arrangement of environments suitable for occupation by a species. In other words, a species distribution is created using a deductive model to predict areas suitable for occupation within a species range. To represent these suitable environments, GAP compiled existing GAP data, where available, and compiled additional data where needed. Existing data sources were the Southwest Regional Gap Analysis Project (SWReGAP) and the Southeast Gap Analysis Project (SEGAP) as well as a data compiled by Sanborn Solutions and Mason, Bruce and Girard. Habitat associations were based on land cover data of ecological systems and--when applicable for the given taxon--on ancillary variables such as elevation, hydrologic characteristics, human avoidance characteristics, forest edge, ecotone widths, etc. Distribution models were generated using a python script that selects model variables based on literature cited information stored in a wildlife habitat relationship database (WHRdb); literature used includes primary and gray publications. Distribution models are 30 meter raster data and delimited by GAP species ranges. Distribution model data were attributed with information regarding seasonal use based on GAP regional projects (NWGAP, SWReGAP, SEGAP, AKGAP, HIGAP, PRGAP, and USVIGAP), NatureServe data, and IUCN data. A full report documenting the parameters used in each species model can be found via: http://gis1.usgs.gov/csas/gap/viewer/species/Map.aspx Web map services for species distribution models can be accessed from: http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Birds http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Mammals http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Amphibians http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Reptiles A table listing all of GAP's available web map services can be found here: http://gapanalysis.usgs.gov/species/data/web-map-services/ GAP used the best information available to create these species distribution models; however GAP seeks to improve and update these data as new information becomes available. Recommended citation: U.S. Geological Survey Gap Analysis Program (USGS-GAP). [Year]. National Species Distribution Models. Available: http://gapanalysis.usgs.gov. Accessed [date]. Online references: U.S. Geological Survey Gap Analysis Program: http://gapanalysis.usgs.gov Northwest Gap Analysis Project: http://gap.uidaho.edu Southwest Regional Gap Analysis Project: http://swregap.nmsu.edu/HabitatModels/default.htm Southeast Gap Analysis Project: http://www.basic.ncsu.edu/segap Alaska Gap Analysis Project: http://aknhp.uaa.alaska.edu/zoology/akgap Hawaii Gap Analysis Project: ftp://ftp.gap.uidaho.edu/products/Hawaii.zip Puerto Rico Gap Analysis Project: http://prgap.org U.S. Virgin Islands Gap Analysis Project: http://prgap.orgShip track of the R/V Atlantis during the "Mountains in the Sea 2003" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, July 11 through July 19, 2003. This track was based on the hourly ship's position from the Athena Data Handling System provided by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute.USGS water resources home page for Washington State with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time data on streamflow, ground and surface water, water use, and water quality, plus GIS data, district and publications information.Grateloupia turuturu, Devil's tongue weed is a non native species in the UK. Non natives have the ability to cause severe impacts to native flora and fauna. A survey was undertaken to search for and record the presence of G. turuturu within Neyland marina and the surrounding Milford Haven area. The results are published in NRW Evidence Report no.17The NOAA Hypoxia Watch project provides near-real-time, web-based maps of dissolved oxygen near the sea floor over the Texas-Louisiana continental shelf during a period that extends from early June to mid-July. The NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service Mississippi Laboratories at Pascagoula and Stennis Space Center and the NOAA National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC) at Stennis Space Center began the Hypoxia Watch project in 2001. Scientists aboard the NOAA Research Vessel Oregon II measure seawater properties, such as water temperature, salinity, chlorophyll, and dissolved oxygen at each of approximately 240 locations as the Oregon II cruises the waters south of Pascagoula, MS and then makes its way from Brownsville, Texas, to the mouth of the Mississippi River. A scientist aboard the ship processes the measurements from electronic dissolved oxygen sensors, checks the measurements periodically with chemical analyses of the seawater, then sends the data by e-mail to NCDDC at Stennis Space Center approximately every three to five days. Physical Scientists at NCDDC transform the dissolved oxygen measurements into contour maps, which identify areas of low oxygen, or hypoxia. During the 6-week cruise, as the data is received from the ship, NCDDC generates new maps and immediately publishes them on the web. The first map will usually cover an area off the Mississippi coast, successive maps will add areas of the continental shelf from Brownsville to Galveston, and the final map will usually cover the entire Texas-Louisiana-Mississippi coast. Maps are published every three to five days from approximately June 10 to July 20.Reach File Version 1.0 (RF1) is a vector database of approximately 700,000 miles of streams and open waters in the conterminous United States. It is used extensively by EPA and States,and has been used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Weather Service for many years. This configuration of RF1 for the geographic information systems community, extends the use of RF1 to ARC/INFO users in the U.S.Geological Survey, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and others. RF1 was prepared by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1982 from stable base color separates of National Oceanographic and Aeronautical Administration (NOAA) aeronautical charts having a scale of 1:500,000. These charts provided the best nationwide hydrographic coverage available on a single scale at that time. They included all hydrography shown on USGS maps having a scale of 1:250,000 with extensive additions, corrections and improvements in detail made by NOAA from aerial photography and satellite imagery. All hydrographic features on those charts were optically scanned from the color separates using a scanner resolution finer than feature line width. The surface water features selected for inclusion in the RF1 database were converted from the scanned raster form to vector form with coordinates expressed as latitude and longitude. Surface water names in RF1 were derived from the source maps and supplemented by names from miscellaneous state maps and maps of the USGS. Many other RF1 attributes are described herein. In the 1980's, RF1 was used by EPA for performing water quality modeling on whole river basins for all of the hydrologic regions in the conterminous United States. In this role, it was used to provide national assessments and overviews of water quality and to provide the foundation for a nationwide stratified sampling frame for performing statistical summaries of modeled and measured water quality on all the surface waters of the 48 States. In the 1980's, environmental data integration was strengthened significantly by EPA using the Reach File. Whereas, STORET had, for many years, integrated the water quality monitoring data of EPA, States, the USGS, and other Federal agencies by agency codes, standard water quality parameter codes, date, time, depth, site coordinates, state, basin, and user-definable polygons, the Reach File provided STORET with the capability to search upstream and downstream to relate the environmental data of many agencies to each other along stream paths. This brought about the ability to integrate ambient water quality at sites sampled by the several hundred official monitoring agencies using STORET in a new and powerful manner. Thus, for example, any and all water quality measurements made by the USGS and stored in WATSTORE were easily accessed via STORET prior to the introduction of the Reach File, but with the Reach File, it became possible to integrate the data from USGS WATSTORE records with the much larger holdings of environmental data from EPA, States and other Federal agencies on a station-by-station basis along stream paths. Stream ordered data integration of this type was important in the development of effluent guidelines pursuant to the Clean Water Act during the 1980's, and is but one example of the new dimension in data integration made possible by the standard reach numbering scheme and the hydrologic networking provided in RF1. Linking multiple databases to RF1 and hence to each other, was accomplished by a process called reach indexing. The process takes advantage of the facts that each reach has been assigned a unique identifier and the stream path for each reach is described in terms of latitude/longitude coordinates. Using simple algebraic processing, each lat/lon point for every point of interest in a database is indexed to the closest point in the nearest RF1 reach. The unique reach number for that reach and its relative position, prorated against the full computed reach length, is placed in the database being reach indexed. From then on, access to all points that have been reach indexed in that indexed database, may be achieved in hydrological order by navigating upstream or downstream through RF1, picking up reach numbers in hydrological order from RF1 and retrieving the points of interest, if present, from the indexed database by reach numbers as the reaches are encountered in the navigation of RF1.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationA cells polygon feature class was created by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) to illustrate the degree of exploration, type of production, and distribution of production in the United States. Each cell represents a quarter-mile square of the land surface, and the cells are coded to represent whether the wells included within the cell are predominantly oil-producing, gas-producing, both oil and gas-producing, or the type of production of the wells located within the cell is unknown or dry. The well information was initially retrieved from IHS Inc.'s PI/Dwights PLUS Well Data on CD-ROM, which is a proprietary, commercial database containing information for most oil and gas wells in the U.S. Cells were developed as a graphic solution to overcome the problem of displaying proprietary well data. No proprietary data are displayed or included in the cell maps. The data are current through 10/1/2005.The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), Pascagoula Laboratory conducts annual longline surveys that encompass 90-365 m, the range of yellowedge distribution. A total of 28-55 yellowedge have been captured (n=238) during each cruise from 1999-2004. A thorough reproductive study requires samples collected from each month of the year, however, NMFS cruises are only conducted in July through September. Therefore, collaboration with a commercial fisherman, Ken Daniels, Jr., was established to collect an adequate number of samples for a successful and conclusive study. The objective of this study was to sample additional yellowedge grouper and combine those samples with fishery independent samples already collected by the NMFS to determine the life history of yellowedge in the northern GOM. This document summarizes the data collected by Ken Daniels, Jr. under this cooperative research agreement. A comprehensive analysis will be found in "Life history, population structure, mortality and potential yield of the yellowedge grouper, Epinephelus flavolimbatus, from the northern Gulf of Mexico" by Melissa Cook, a doctoral candidate at the University of Southern Mississippi.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on experimental design and methodsN/AWe estimated mean undiscovered resource volumes of 21.55 million barrels of oil, 44.76 billion cubic feet of non-associated natural gas, and 0.91 million barrels of natural gas liquids in the western Afghanistan Tirpul Assessment Unit.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This map service presents spatial information for Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning. The service is maintained by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management (OCM), in partnership with Department of the Interior (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM). More information about this product can be found at www.MarineCadastre.gov.The NOAA Coral Reef Watch (CRW) satellite coral bleaching Degree Heating Weeks (DHW) product is part of the CRW operational near-real-time global 50-km satellite coral bleaching thermal stress monitoring product suite. This product suite was initially implemented in 2000 and continues to provide updated monitoring information twice-weekly. This metadata file provides information on the DHW product for both the most recent near-real-time updates and the archived DHW product dating back to 2000. The DHW product measures accumulation of bleaching thermal stress that coral reefs experience over a period of 12 consecutive weeks (about 3 months), ending on the day indicated in the product. It is derived from the Coral Bleaching HotSpots product (another key tool in the CRW operational product suite). A Coral Bleaching HotSpot is a specific type of sea surface temperature (SST) anomaly that measures the amount of SST exceeding a static coral bleaching threshold SST; it serves as a measure of instantaneous bleaching thermal stress and shows the occurrence, magnitude, and spatial distribution of the stress. All non-positive HotSpot values are recorded as zeros. The DHW value (again, a measurement of accumulated thermal stress) is, in its most simplistic form, the sum of all of the individual twice-weekly HotSpot values at any particular location, within a 12-week period and with a magnitude of at least 1 degree Celsius, multiplied by the duration of the twice-weekly HotSpot value (i.e., 0.5 weeks). A more complicated formula describing how the DHW value is calculated can be obtained at: http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/methodology/methodology.php#dhw. One DHW is equivalent to one week of SST at 1 degree Celsius above the threshold, or 0.5 weeks of SST at two degrees Celsius above the threshold. Near-real-time satellite data from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) on some of NOAA's Polar Orbiting Environmental Satellites (POES) were used to generate AVHRR-SST that this CRW product suite is based on. Related details, as well as other important information, are provided in each DHW HDF data file. This product is available in various formats, including static image, animation, HDF data, and Google Earth and is delivered through multiple mechanisms, including websites, ftp, and OPeNDAP, along with time series data in text format at selected locations, known as CRW Satellite Virtual Stations. The DHW product, its detailed description, and its available data formats and delivery mechanisms are accessible at: http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite, along with general CRW product information and access to other CRW products.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of Buck Island, on the north shore of St. Croix, US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.This 34 by 53 inch full-color poster is report WDC for MGG RP-1. In many areas of the global ocean, the depth of the seafloor is not well known because survey lines by ships are hundreds of kilometers apart. Satellites carrying radar altimeters have measured the shape of the ocean along tracks only 3-4 km apart, and from these data we can make very accuratore (+/-3mGal) and high resolution (15km) maps of the marine gravity field. The gravity field mimics the seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band if sediment cover on the ocean floor is thin. Long-wavelength (greater than 160 km) topography is isostatically compensated and is not correlated with the gravity field. In addition, the satellite gravity field and the available depth measurements were used to determine the correlation between gravity and the seafloor topography. By applying this correlation to the gravity field we predict seafloor topography in the 15-160 km wavelength band. This topography is combined with a long-wavelength component estimated directly from ship depth measurements. The result reveals many new features and is within +/- 100m of actual depths in many cases. The Predicted Seafloor Topography derived from the depths estimated from Satellite Altimetry in combination with measured trackline bathymetry is an inferred data set and is not true bathymetry. It is, however, the best estimate of seafloor topography available resulting from satellite gravity data and actual ship depth measurements. These data are intended for scientific research and should not be used for navigational purposes. Additional software is required in order to manipulate the data or produce your own graphic images. Poster and CD-ROM products are available for both gravity anomaly and estimated seafloor topography of several regions. Please refer to URL http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/fliers/97mgg03.html more information, and to download sample images.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpSmall wetlands in this large area have hosted migratory birds for a long time, but with changes in agricultural practice and regional climate those habitats may not remain hospitable to the wild populations.Climate Audit Search Climate Audit - by Steve McIntyreWxWiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Optical validation data were collected using a Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights, in the Saipan Anchorage area. Data were collected using TOAD during two and a half weeks of small boat-based TOAD deployments. A report detailing results of the study was generated to assist the Military Sealift Command in their efforts to increase the number of pre-position vessels stationed there.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of the seafloor reflectance generated from the bathymetric laser energy. It contains multiple flightlines that were collected by the Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey (CHARTS) system along the coast of New York. CHARTS integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, a digital camera, and a hyperspectral scanner on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inland 500 meters and offshore 1,000 meters or to laser extinction. Native imagery data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages processes the imagery data into GIS-compatible products for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). The SHOALS 532 laser has also been radiometrically calibrated to be able to determine the same reflectance for an object on any given day or operating altitude. The seafloor reflectance is generated from individual bathymetric waveforms, rasterized, and then a mosaic is produced for each flight. The accuracy is within 5% of the true reflectance. The data file naming convention is based on the year, project, area name, "Box" number, and product type. An example file name is "2007_NCMP_NY_Ontario_Laser_Reflectance_070615_1206.tif," where 2007 is the year of data collection, NCMP is the project under which data were collected, NY_Ontario is the area of data collection, "Laser_Reflectance" is the product type, and 070615_1206 is the YYMMDD_HHMM for the start time of the flight.Offline User Manual 22909 documentation Search Offline User Manual 22909 documentationThe NOAA Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) produces national standardized land cover and change products for the coastal regions of the U.S. C-CAP products inventory coastal intertidal areas, wetlands, and adjacent uplands with the goal of monitoring changes in these habitats, on a one-to-five year repeat cycle. The timeframe for this metadata is reported as 2006-Era, but the actual dates of the Landsat imagery used to create the land cover may have been acquired a few years before or after each era. These maps are developed utilizing Landsat Thematic Mapper imagery, and can be used to track changes in the landscape through time. This trend information gives important feedback to managers on the success or failure of management policies and programs and aid in developing a scientific understanding of the Earth system and its response to natural and human-induced changes. This understanding allows for the prediction of impacts due to these changes and the assessment of their cumulative effects, helping coastal resource managers make more informed regional decisions. NOAA C-CAP is a contributing member to the Multi-Resolution Land Characteristics consortium and C-CAP products are included as the coastal expression of land cover within the National Land Cover Database.This image represents an 8 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of a seamount/bank east of Fajardo, Puerto Rico. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in and around the Northeast Reserve from 3/05/2013 to 3/29/2013. Data was acquired with a hull mounted Kongsberg EM1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software, applying all relevant correctors (attitude, sound velocity, absorption coefficient). Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected in CARIS HIPS Mosaic Editor. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The Cetacean Density and Distribution Mapping Working Group identified Biologically Important Areas (BIAs) for 24 cetacean species, stocks, or populations in seven regions (US East Coast, Gulf of Mexico, West Coast, Hawaiian Islands, Gulf of Alaska, Aleutian Islands and Bering Sea, and Arctic [encompassing the northeastern Chukchi and western Beaufort seas]) within US waters. BIAs are reproductive areas, feeding areas, migratory corridors, and areas in which small and resident populations are concentrated. BIAs are region-, species-, and time-specific. Information provided for each BIA includes the following: 1) a written narrative describing the information, assumptions, and logic used to delineate the BIA; 2) a map of the BIA; 3) a list of references used in the assessment; and 4) a metadata table that concisely details the type and quantity of information used to define a BIA, providing transparency in how BIAs were designated in a quick reference table format. BIAs were identified through an expert elicitation process. The delineation of BIAs does not have direct or immediate regulatory consequences. Rather, the BIA assessment is intended to provide the best available science to help inform regulatory and management decisions under existing authorities about some, though not all, important cetacean areas in order to minimize the impacts of anthropogenic activities on cetaceans and to achieve conservation and protection goals. In addition, the BIAs and associated information may be used to identify information gaps and prioritize future research and modeling efforts to better understand cetaceans, their habitat, and ecosystems.Department of Economics - University of OxfordEnvironmental Sensitivity Index (ESI) data characterize the marine and coastal environments and wildlife based on sensitivity to spilled oil. Coastal species that are listed as threatened, endangered, or as a species of concern, by either federal or state governments, are a primary focus. A subset of the ESI data, the ESI Threatened and Endangered Species (T) databases focus strictly on these species. Species are mapped individually. In addition to showing spatial extent, each species polygon, point, or line has attributes describing abundance, seasonality, threatened/endangered status, and life history. Both the state and federal status is provided, along with the year the ESI data were published. This is important, as the status of a species can vary over time. As always, the ESI data are a snapshot in time. The biology layers focus on threatened/endangered status, areas of high concentration, and areas where sensitive life stages may occur. Supporting data tables provide species-/location-specific abundance, seasonality, status, life history, and source information. Human-use resources mapped include managed areas (parks, refuges, critical habitats, etc.) and resources that may be impacted by oiling and/or cleanup, such as beaches, archaeological sites, marinas, etc. ESIs are available for the majority of the US coastline, as well as the US territories. ESI data are available as PDF maps, as well as in a variety of GIS formats. For more information, go to http://response.restoration.noaa.gov/esi . To download complete ESI data sets, go to http://response.restoration.noaa.gov/esi_download .Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The Puget Sound Basin is a National Water Quality Assessment (NAWQA) Program study unit for studying the status, trends, and changes affecting the nation's water quality. Site links to data, publications, and results.U.S. 15 Minute Precipitation Data is digital data set DSI-3260, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). This is precipitation data. The primary source of data for this file is approximately 2,000 mostly U.S. weather stations operated or managed by the U.S. National Weather Service. Stations are primary, secondary, or cooperative observer sites that have the capability to measure precipitation at 15 minute intervals. This dataset contains 15-minute precipitation data (reported 4 times per hour, if precip occurs) for U.S. stations along with selected non-U.S. stations in U.S. territories and associated nations. It includes major city locations and many small town locations. Daily total precipitation is also included as part of the data record. NCDC has in archive data from most states as far back as 1970 or 1971, and continuing to the present day. The major parameter is precipitation amounts at 15 minute intervals, when precipitation actually occurs.During EX1402L1, multibeam,single beam, and subbottom data will be collected 24 hours a day and XBT casts will be conducted at an interval defined by prevailing oceanographic conditions, but not to exceed 6 hours. All multibeam data will be fully processed according to standard onboard procedures and will be archived with the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC). Subbottom sonar data will be also be archived with NGDC. Split-beam EK60 data will be archived at the National Oceanographic Data Center.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The lessons and activities in this guidebook are meant to supplement and enhance existing science content already being taught to Alaskan students in grade levels 6-12.The USGS Transportation downloadable data from The National Map (TNM) is based on TIGER/Line data provided through U.S. Census Bureau and supplemented with HERE road data to create tile cache base maps. Some of the TIGER/Line data includes limited corrections done by USGS. Transportation data consists of roads, railroads, trails, airports, and other features associated with the transport of people or commerce. The data include the name or route designator, classification, and location. Transportation data support general mapping and geographic information system technology analysis for applications such as traffic safety, congestion mitigation, disaster planning, and emergency response. The National Map transportation data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, hydrography, and structures, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain transportation data in either Esri File Geodatabase or Shapefile formats. For additional information on the transportation data model, go to http://nationalmap.gov/transport.html.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.This dataset contains CLIP 4-Fert 2 Community data from the Latnjajaure site, Sweden in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999 2000. The Community Level Interaction Program (CLIP) data comprises a block of poor, dry heath. For more information, please see the readme file.Deck logs for nine fisheries research vessels held in microfilm and book format at National Archives facilities in Washington DC and Silver Spring MD. They document temperature, pressure, and weather conditions in a standardized format. Period of record 1877-1925. Scanned through a partnership between NCDC's Climate Database Modernization Program and the National Marine Fisheries Service. In the index field, SI stands for Smithsonian Institution. The three columns in which SI appears document the location of the paper records.WMSThis raster dataset consists of approximately 200 aerial photographs taken in 1937 in Douglas county, Kansas, United States. The Douglas County Public Works Department provided the original print photographs to the University of Kansas Libraries. The photographs were converted to images via a large-format scanner.Leg I focused on biological objectives in Norfolk Canyon, with some sampling in Baltimore Canyon. Leg II focused on archaeological targets in and around the Norfolk Canyon area, with some emphasis on biological objectives to expand upon data collected during last years cruise. 24-hour operations included 12-16 hour remotely operated vehicle (ROV) dives which took digital images and high definition video of the seafloor and collect water, sediment, and different types of fauna for research objectives during the day. Night operations included non-ROV sampling, including box coring, bottom trawling, recovery of benthic landers, multibeam mapping, collection of water column environmental data, and water sampling (using a CTD instrument with niskin bottle rosette). Data expected: Scientific Computing System (SCS) data, ROV sensor data, Underwater video/framegrab images, sampling logs/analyses, CTD data, summary reportsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSAnswers to common questions about landslides and the hazards they pose.This publication contains hourly precipitation amounts obtained from recording rain gages located at National Weather Service, Federal Aviation Administration, and cooperative observer stations. Published data are displayed in inches to tenths or inches to hundredths at local standard time. HPD includes maximum precipitation for nine (9) time periods from 15 minutes to 24 hours, for selected stations. Hourly Precipitation Data publication period of record begins October 1951.This map service presents spatial information for Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning. The service is maintained by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, in partnership with Department of the Interior (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. More information about this product can be found at www.MarineCadastre.govTemperature and chemical data were collected using bottle and gas chromatograph casts from the NOAA Ship Malcolm Baldridge and other platforms in the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean from 07 November 1977 to 16 April 1990.If you live or work in the San Francisco Bay region, this handbook explains why you should be concerned with earthquakes, what you can expect during and after a quake, and what you need to do beforehand to be safe and reduce property damage.Clorine - ClOx (ClO+Cl) - measurements taken during the Ocean - Atmosphere - Sea Ice - Snowpack (OASIS) 2009 campaign in Barrow, Alaska, using a flowing chemical reaction method with a gas chromatograph electron capture detector (GC-ECD). Data is collected from approximately 10 ft above the snowpack.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 32 three-band ADS40 scenes. These full scenes were not sufficient to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery. Additional imagery was used for classifying obsucred areas. All scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on St Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.List and brief abstracts on research projects on invasive species, the ecology of introduced species, and developing management strategies at Patuxent Wildlife Research Center.The NOAA Coral Reef Watch (CRW) experimental daily satellite Sea Surface Wind Doldrums product is part of the CRW near-real-time global satellite coral bleaching monitoring product suite. The Doldrums product was initially implemented on October 1, 2006 and continues to provide updated monitoring information daily. The latest version, Version 0.3, was implemented on November 24, 2008. This metadata file provides information on the product for the most recent near-real-time updates and the archived and retrospectively-produced product dating back to June 1, 2004. The current version of the product is derived from the experimental 6-hourly near-real-time NOAA/NESDIS National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) blended satellite sea surface winds product. Wind speeds used for deriving the CRW Doldrums product were generated by blending observations from multiple satellites. The blended product offers, globally, 0.25 degree x 0.25 degree ocean surface (10-meter height) winds interpolated from observations from up to six satellites. The blending of multiple satellite observations allows for greatly enhanced temporal resolution (up to 6-hourly). The satellites that have contributed to the Doldrums product include Special Sensor Microwave/Imager (SSM/I) sensors flown on-board the United States Air Force Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) F13, F14, and F15 satellites; the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission's (TRMM) Microwave Imager (TMI) on-board the TRMM satellite; SeaWinds scatterometer on-board the Quick Scatterometer (QuikSCAT) satellite; and the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) sensor on NASA's Aqua satellite. CRW uses wind speed data from these satellites to identify regions of low wind conditions, defined here as exhibiting a daily mean of less than 3 meters per second (i.e. "doldrums"). The duration of doldrums events is then tracked by accumulating the number of days over which this condition is met (doldrums days). As an experimental product, CRW's Sea Surface Wind Doldrums product undergoes continual development and refinement to determine the best configuration for the algorithm and to test its utility against past bleaching events. While basin-scale coral bleaching occurs as a result of large-scale climate phenomena, local weather patterns greatly influence bleaching variability among sites within a basin. Three related factors that influence local bleaching patterns are temperature, light, and mixing. One parameter that exerts a common influence over all of these is wind. As wind speed falls, there is reduced vertical mixing, evaporative cooling, and sensible heat transfer, increasing the likelihood of adverse temperature excursions during summertime maximum water temperatures (Mumby et al. 2001, Dunne and Brown 2001, Skirving and Guinotte 2001, Obura 2005). In addition, pronounced stratification that can result under low-wind conditions can enhance photo-degradation of colored dissolved organic material, thereby reducing shading over corals and enhancing the likelihood of bleaching (Manzello et al., 2006). Related details, as well as other important information, are provided in each HDF data file. The Sea Surface Wind Doldrums product is available in various formats, including static image, HDF data, and Google Earth. The product, its detailed description, and available data formats and delivery mechanisms are accessible at: http://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/satellite/doldrums_v2/index.php.Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineResidential Life, ResLifeN/AWFS Service for RGIS dataset Eddy County 2010 Census County Subdivision County-based (80087867-bee0-4a19-9d3c-230a4869e758)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the reasons why USGS monitors Earth's magnetic field and the history of that monitoring effort.This map layer shows polygons of average annual precipitation in the contiguous United States, for the climatological period 1961-1990. Parameter-elevation Regressions on Independent Slopes Model (PRISM) derived raster data is the underlying data set from which the polygons and vectors were created. PRISM is an analytical model that uses point data and a digital elevation model (DEM) to generate gridded estimates of annual, monthly and event-based climatic parameters.Provides geologic, geophysical, and geochemical framework studies that will aid in a reassessment of energy commodities (coal, gas, and oil) in the Gulf Coast Region.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Study addresses questions and concerns related to limited sand resources along the Louisiana shelf and their implications to long-term relative sea-level rise and storm impacts, using newly acquired geophysical and vibracore data.USGS Web Mapping Service: Basement domain map of the continental US and AlaskaKCStat | Kansas City, MOThis dataset contains gridded daily Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) derived from the NOAA Climate Data Record (CDR) of Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) Surface Reflectance. The dataset spans from 1981 to 10 days from the present using data from seven NOAA polar orbiting satellites: NOAA-7, -9, -11, -14, -16, -17, and -18. The data are projected on a 0.05 degree x 0.05 degree global grid. The Version 4 Land Surface CDR products were produced by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) and the University of Maryland. The product was converted from HDF to netCDF-4 with CF metadata, and is accompanied by algorithm documentation, data flow diagram and source code for the NOAA CDR Program.The U.S. Monthly Climate Normals for 1981 to 2010 are 30-year averages of meteorological parameters for thousands of U.S. stations located across the 50 states, as well as U.S. territories, commonwealths, the Compact of Free Association nations, and one station in Canada. NOAA Climate Normals are a large suite of data products that provide users with many tools to understand typical climate conditions for thousands of locations across the United States. As many NWS stations as possible are used, including those from the NWS Cooperative Observer Program (COOP) Network as well as some additional stations that have a Weather Bureau Army-Navy (WBAN) station identification number, including stations from the Climate Reference Network (CRN). The comprehensive U.S. Climate Normals dataset includes various derived products including daily air temperature normals (including maximum and minimum temperature normal, heating and cooling degree day normal, and others), precipitation normals (including snowfall and snow depth, percentiles, frequencies and other), and hourly normals (all normal derived from hourly data including temperature, dew point, heat index, wind chill, wind, cloudiness, heating and cooling degree hours, pressure normals). In addition to the standard set of normals, users also can find "agricultural normals", which are used in many industries, including but not limited to construction, architecture, pest control, etc. These supplemental "agricultural normals" include frost-freeze date probabilities, growing degree day normals, probabilities of reaching minimum temperature thresholds, and growing season length normals. Users can access the data either by product or by station. Included in the dataset is extensive documentation to describe station metadata, filename descriptions, and methodology of producing the data. All data utilized in the computation of the 1981-2010 Climate Normals were taken from the ISD Lite (a subset of derived Integrated Surface Data), the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily dataset, and standardized monthly temperature data (COOP). These source datasets (including intermediate datasets used in the computation of products) are also archived at the NOAA NCDC.This is a fishery-independent survey that collects data on reef fish in southeast US waters using multiple gears, including chevron traps, video cameras, ROVs, longlines, and acoustics. This project is also collecting information on hardbottom habitats using video cameras, ROVs, and acoustics gears.This data set contains lidar point data (latitude and longitude) from a strip of Southern California coastline (including water, beach, cliffs, and top of cliffs) from Dana Point to Point La Jolla. The data set was created by combining data collected using an Optech Inc. Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper (ALTM) 1225 in combination with geodetic quality Global Positioning System (GPS) airborne and ground-based receivers. The Bureau of Economic Geology, the University of Texas at Austin owns and operates an ALTM 1225 system (serial number 99d118). The system was installed in a single engine Cessna 206 (tail number N4589U) owned and operated by the Texas State Aircraft Pooling Board. The lidar data set described by this document was collected on 3-4 December 2002 (33702 and 33802) between 20:33 and 23:29 UTC on 33702 and 20:26 and 21:19 UTC on 33802 (see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for pass information). Conditions on both days were clear skies, no fog or low clouds. A second flight on 33802 was required due to low cloud formation on 33702. 99d118 instrument settings for this flight were; laser pulse rate: 25kHz, scanner rate: 26Hz, scan angle: +/-20deg, beam divergence: narrow (wide for offshore pass), altitude: 700-820m AGL, and ground speed: 78-112kts. Two GPS base stations (Scripps pier and San Onofre Power Plant, see Lineage, Source_Information, Source_Contribution for coordinates) were operating during the survey. Data represented is all points including terrain, vegetation, and structures. This data also contains returns from the water surface. No processing has been done to remove returns from terrain, vegetation, structures or water surfaces.These grain size data were generated as part of the Outer Continental Shelf Environmental Assessment Program (OCSEAP), funded by NOAA. Data were contributed by the University of Alaska, the University of South Carolina, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and the US Geological Survey with funding from NOAA.Data in this set may contain errors. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.The Marine Themes Product comprises authoritative data from the UK and other hydrographic offices, where available. Each dataset uses the largest scale of data available for a particular feature and scale range, derived either from the production Electronic Navigational Charts (ENCs) or from the original source. The Data Product is supplied as individual themed layers corresponding to important marine features required for general situation awareness, planning, site selection and investigation and outline engineering design.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Navigation Data Center had several objectives in developing the U.S. Waterway Data (NTAD 2014). These objectives support the concept of a National Spatial Data Provide public access to national waterway data. Foster interagency and intra-agency cooperation through data sharing. Provide a mechanism to integrate waterway data (U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Port/Facility and U.S. Coast Guard Accident Data, for example) Provide a basis for intermodal analysis. Assist standardization of waterway entity definitions (Ports/Facilities, Locks, etc.). Provide public access to the National Waterway Network, which can be used as a basemap to support graphical overlays and analysis with other spatial data (waterway and modal network/facility databases, for example). Provide reliable data to support future waterway and intermodal applications. Source of Data The data included in these files are based upon the Annual Summary of Lock Statistics published by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers/CEIWR, Navigation Data Center. The data are collected at each Corps owned and/or operated Lock by Corps personnel and towing industry vessel operators. This data was collected from the US Army Corps of Engineers and distributed on the National Transportation Atlas Database (NTAD) 2014.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.Links to streamflow, stage, pictures, maps, river descriptions, and general information for canoeing on North Dakota's rivers. Files are in PDF format.The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Recent study encountered occasional high values of radioactive trace elements, but the water quality in this area as monitored compares favorably to more urban areas studied by the same group.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The nowCOAST 'obs' Web Map Service (WMS) provides layers containing near real-time surface meteorological and oceanographic observations from various sources. Some observations are updated as frequently as every six minutes, while others are updated hourly. The 'obs' WMS is one of several map services provided by NOAA's nowCOAST project (http://nowcoast.noaa.gov). For further layer information such as layer icons, legend graphics, layer descriptions, and valid timestamps, see the nowCOAST 'LayerInfo Web Service' description page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/layerinfo.shtml. For more information about nowCOAST's available Web Map Services, see the nowCOAST Map Services information page at: http://nowcoast.noaa.gov/help/mapservices.shtml. nowCOAST is a product of the NOAA/NOS/OCS Coast Survey Development Laboratory.Geospatial metadata search.This dataset contains the algal pigment concentration data for sea ice segments collected during the Bering Sea Ecosystem Study (BEST) 2008 field studies (cruises HLY0801 and HLY0802). These data were collected aboard the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Healy (HLY).Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The USGS-NPS Vegetation Mapping Program is a cooperative effort with the National Park Service (NPS) to classify, describe, and map vegetation communities in over 270 U.S. national park units with links to overview, standards, products, and applications.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument includes the 1200 nautical mile chain of atolls and islets known as the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) that are geographically positioned as a repository for marine debris such as derelict fishing gear (DFG). Accidentally lost or intentionally abandoned DFG circulates within the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre until it encounters the atolls of the NWHI. When the floating DFG reaches these islets and atolls, wave energy forces it across coral reefs, snagging the assorted nets and lines upon corals. DFG may impact coral reef ecosystems in a number of other ways, including destroying coral reef habitat, acting as a vector for the introduction of non-native species, and presenting a hazard to boat navigation. Most notably, entanglement in DFG presents a lethal threat to the critically endangered Hawaiian monk seal (Monachus schauinslandi) and the threatened green sea turtle (Chelonia mydas). Supported by the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument, NOAA's Marine Debris Program (MDP), NOAA's Damage Assessment Remediation and Restoration Program (DARRP), and NOAA's Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP), the marine debris team of the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) conducts cruises to the NWHI for the purpose of surveying and removing DFG. Exploratory and opportunistic efforts began in 1996 that eventually evolved into dedicated cruises deployed for up to 4 months at a time with a team of up to 16 divers. To date, CRED's marine debris team has removed approximately 769 metric tons of derelict fishing gear from the NWHI, including the atolls and islets of Pearl and Hermes Atoll (PHR), Midway Atoll (MID), Kure Atoll (KUR), Lisianski Island (LIS), Laysan Island (LAY), Maro Reef (MAR), and French Frigate Shoals (FFS). Surveys are conducted by divers based on small boats launched from a ship. Two survey methods are used to search for marine debris; tow survey and swim survey. Tow surveys are used in the relatively even-depth (usually less than 10 meters deep), contiguous backreef habitats, while swim surveys are used in the comparatively high-relief and patchy lagoonal reef habitats. Survey areas are chosen based on regional reef morphology and past accumulation records. In a tow survey, two freediving divers are towed behind a small boat at an average of 1-2 knots. Each diver has a board with which they maneuver through the water column in a vertical and horizontal serpentine pattern. The small-boat coxswain drives the boat in parallel tracks to cover the planned survey area. Tow tracks are recorded on a GPS unit that is set to record at 15 second intervals. Tow track survey lines are downloaded and converted to polygon features in ArcGIS using a 15 meter buffer (7.5 meters on each side) to represent area surveyed by the towed divers. The swim survey method, first used for NWHI marine debris detection in 2002, was developed as a necessary alternative to towed-diver surveys in lagoonal, reticulated reef areas that were either too shallow or too irregular to be surveyed effectively with the tow survey technique. The divers are directed by personnel in small boats to follow pre-planned routes. When a distinguishable reef has been surveyed, the small-boat coxswain drives a GPS-recorded track around that particular reef. These areas are digitized into polygon features in ArcGIS using a combination of the recorded tracks and IKONOS satellite imagery in which reef edges are visible in 4 meter resolution. When a diver encounters a piece of DFG during either type of survey, the diver notifies the coxswain to stop the boat and take a waypoint over the DFG. Descriptive data about the piece of DFG such as DFG type, DFG color, estimated depth, length/width/height (layout of DFG in the water as found by divers), foul level, presence/absence of coral growth on DFG (including growth type and coral genera), substrate composition/color and volume are recorded and maintained in an Oracle database. Waypoints are recorded for locations of DFG and are downloaded as shapefiles with attributes that include waypoint name, UTC date and time collected, Hawaii standard time collected, small boat label, GPS unit label, survey type (swim or tow), survey zone (high entanglement risk zone or standard), source (water or land) and an Item designation. Waypoint data for DFG is maintained in an Oracle database table that is linked to descriptive data about each point of DFG via a common waypoint name, date, and GPS unit label. In 2011, opportunistic land debris survey and removal efforts were conducted on all three of the Midway Islands; Sand Island, Eastern Island and Spit Island. In 2012 and 2013 the addition of planned land debris survey and removal efforts in all surveyable shoreline areas of all three of the Midway Islands; Sand Island, Eastern Island and Spit Island were conducted. During land debris efforts, shorelines were surveyed and all derelict fishing gear and plastic items larger than 10 cm were removed (with the exception of plastic bottle caps and lighters). The NOAA MDP-standardized shoreline survey datasheet was used to tally different debris types during the removal process. Additionally, one 100-m transect was established on each of the three islands in order to conduct the NOAA MDP Standing Stock survey for marine debris. Cruises target one or more of the atolls of the NWHI and vary in duration from one to four months. The following table displays the names of vessels that participated in research cruises each year and the atolls they visited, as well as the land-based efforts not associated with vessels. CALENDAR YEAR VESSEL NAME/LAND BASED MISSION ATOLLS VISITED 1999 NOAA Ship Townsend Cromwell LIS, PHR 2000 NOAA Ship Townsend Cromwell FFS, KUR, LIS, PHR 2001 American Islander, Ocean Fury, Katmai, Townsend Cromwell FFS, KUR, LIS, PHR 2002 American Islander, Ocean Fury FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MID, PHR 2003 American Islandr, Ocean Fury FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MAR, MID, PHR 2004 Casitas FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MAR, PHR 2005 Casitas, Freebird, USCG Ship Walnut, USCG Ship Kukui FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MAR, MID, PHR 2006 NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette, Land Based Midway Effort FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MID, PHR 2007 NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, PHR 2008 USCG Ship Walnut MAR, MID 2009 NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette, USCG Ship Walnut FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MAR, MID, PHR 2011 NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette, Land Based Midway Effort FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MID, PHR 2012 NOAA Ship Oscar Elton Sette, Land Based Midway Effort FFS, KUR, LAY, LIS, MID, PHR 2013 Land Based Midway Effort MID A high turnover rate of staff led to various data management styles over the history of the program, thus, the marine debris team has undertook an effort to error-check and centralize all marine debris data into an Oracle Database, which was completed in April 2014. For more detailed information regarding specific cruises and the data collection process, contact CRED.The Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) operated the D/V GLOMAR CHALLENGER from 1968-1983, drilling 1,112 holes at 624 sites worldwide. The DSDP was funded by the US National Science Foundation and several foreign countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES), and was operated by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The DSDP data management group at SIO compiled a full suite of computerized marine geological and geophysical data files before they were disbanded in 1987, at which time the data files were transferred to NGDC and to the Ocean Drilling Program at Texas A University for distribution.In 1989, with support from, and in cooperation with, the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, Inc., U.S. Science Support Program, NGDC produced two compact discs (CDROM) containing all computerized DSDP data. In 2000, all but the logging and geophysical data were re-released as 1 CD-ROM with an HTML interface. Data are available for free online download. In 2007, the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) transferred digital images of all core photographs and closeup core photographs in their collection to NGDC for archive. Due to their volume, these data are not available online, but are archived and available on request. The photo collections consists of 17,635 high-resolution TIFF files, volume 553.34 gigabytes.Linked Data for Language Technology Community Group (en)N/AThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSNOAA Mission Log Search NOAA Mission Log -powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSOver one hundred years after the devastating Great 1906 Earthquake that nearly destroyed San Francisco, this expedition explored the Northern San Andreas Fault, the history of past earthquakes, and the intertwined relationships between large earthquakes and biologic diversity along this, the fastest moving fault in western North America. The expedition combined cutting-edge technology with the use of an innovative, fuel-efficient vessel to explore the past and predict the future of this unexplored geobiologic system.Links to Office of Surface Water memos, reference publications, training guides, and software for computing flood frequency.Maps of the ranges of tree species in North America compiled by Elbert Little and others were digitized for use in USGS vegetation and climate modeling studies. Can be downloaded as ArcView shapefiles and in PDF graphic files.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophoto quadrangle (DOQ) is a 1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQ is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic Information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between January 15th and March 31st during 2000-2002. The images make use of three separate spectral bands to form a color infrared composite, which allows easier analysis of agriculture, land use, vegetation, and other features with infrared reflectance. Areas of high vegetative vigor appear bright red in color infrared imagery.WCSWe estimated means of 1.6 billion barrels of undiscovered oil and 9 trillion cubic feet of natural gas north of the Arctic Circle in this area.Creative Commons Search BetaUsing a well performance-based geologic assessment methodology, we estimated a technically recoverable mean volume of 62 million barrels of oil in shale oil reservoirs, and more than 3,700 billion cubic feet of gas in tight sandstone in this area.PlanB Search PlanB - Powered by teaUses and availability of limestone and related commodities such as lime and portland cement. Hazards of limestone terranes due to erosion and sinkhole formation.Geological effects of earthquakes on the crust and landscape, with studies of prehistoric earthquake activity using geological evidence.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Get Lucky 7K and half marathon races are a fun, irish themed race which cover both Minneapolis and St. Paul.FlickrN/ADiscussion of the scientific measurements needed to understand the effects of climate change on the seasonal water cycle, with emphasis on Maine.WMSArcIMS Web Map Service: USGS_EDC_Antarctic_Data_PLYGNUSGS operates a low-enriched uranium-fueled, pool-type reactor located at the Denver Federal Center. We use it for analyses of fissile and fissionable isotopes, geochemical analysis, and geochronology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data depicts the social vulnerability of Texas census block groups to environmental hazards. Data were culled primarily from the 2000 Decennial Census.DISI (en)Whale SENSE Search Whale SENSE - Promoting responsible whale watchingThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Summarizes what we learned about this historic earthquake and how our ability to monitor and respond to events of this type have changed, including our awareness of tsunami effects.This coverage is a spatial representation of most of the Pacific Northwest hatchery facilities in the StreamNet database. Information about the location of each hatchery was collected from StreamNet personnel at WDFW (Washington Dept of Fish & Wildlife), ODFW (Oregon Dept of Fish & Wildlife), IDFG (Idaho Dept of Fish & Game), and MFWP (Montana Fish, Wildlife & Parks) and the tabular information about each hatchery in the StreamNet database was then added to each hatchery point in the GIS coverage.Reports concentration of organic compounds here, to serve as a baseline against which future measurements can be compared and to provide a general assessment of the quality of local water treatment efforts.The MPA Inventory is a comprehensive catalog that provides detailed information for existing marine protected areas in the United States. The inventory provides geospatial boundary information (in polygon format) and classification attributes that seek to define the conservation objectives, protection level, governance and related management criteria for all sites in the database. The comprehensive inventory of federal, state and territorial MPA sites provides governments and stakeholders with access to information to make better decisions about the current and future use of place-based conservation. The information also will be used to inform the development of the national system of marine protected areas as required by Executive Order 13158.This map service presents spatial information about Land Use in 2010 for the East River Watershed of Brown County, WI. The service was developed as part of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management s collaboration with the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, but contains data and information from a variety of data sources, including non-NOAA data. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information. For additional information, please contact the NOAA Office for Coastal Management at coastal.info@noaa.gov. This map service is used in an application highlighted on the Great Lakes Coastal Resilience Planning Guide (http://greatlakesresilience.org/?page_id=867).Links to highlights, news releases, and fact sheets about Western Ecological Research Center (WERC) research and activities; brief summaries of published research; you can see and listen online as WERC scientists discuss their studies.A joint venture involving the National Atlas programs in Canada (Natural Resources Canada), Mexico (Instituto Nacional de Estad stica Geograf a e Inform tica), and the United States (U.S. Geological Survey), as well as the North American Commission for Environmental Co-operation, has led to the release (June 2004) of several new products: an updated paper map of North America, and its associated geospatial data sets and their metadata. These data sets are available online from each of the partner countries both for visualization and download. The North American Atlas data are standardized geospatial data sets at 1:10,000,000 scale. A variety of basic data layers (e.g. roads, railroads, populated places, political boundaries, hydrography, bathymetry, sea ice and glaciers) have been integrated so that their relative positions are correct. This collection of data sets forms a base with which other North American thematic data may be integrated. Any data outside of Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America included in the North American Atlas data sets is strictly to complete the context of the data. The North American Atlas - Populated Places data set shows a selection of named populated places suitable for use at a scale of 1:10,000,000. Places, which refer to individual municipalities, are always shown using point symbols. These symbols have been fitted to the North American Atlas roads, railroads, and hydrography layers, so that the points represent the approximate locations of places relative to data in these other layers. The selection of populated places was based on local importance (as shown by population size), importance as a cross-border point, and, occasionally, on other factors. All capital cities (national, provincial, territorial or State) are shown for Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America. Attributes were added to the data to reflect population class, name, and capital. Cartographic considerations were taken into account so that names do not overlap in crowded areas, nor are there too many names shown for sparsely-populated areas.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information on flood potential and water quality in the upper Mississipi River, including downloadable data and map images.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The National Centre for Atmospheric Science carries out research programmes on: The science of climate change, including modelling and predictions, Atmospheric composition, including air quality, Weather, including hazardous weather and Technologies for observing and modelling the atmosphere. Additionally, we provide scientific facilities for researchers right across the UK to enable excellent atmospheric science on a national scale. These include a world-leading research aircraft, a ground-based instrumentation pool, access to computer models and facilities for storing and accessing data. In a nutshell, we provide the UK academic community and the Natural Environment Research Council with national capability in atmospheric science.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Look Out For Child Abuse Search Look Out For Child Abuse - A repository of information regarding child abuse and neglect.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Explains many activities in which water is used, with statistics on how much water is used in each activity.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Results of analysis of cores collected from 'fossil' massive Porites corals exposed in the raised reefs of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea (see below for age estimate), and living corals. The cores were collected vertically down the axis of maximum growth of the colony. Cores were subsampled into 1mm growth increments, resulting in an average of 12 samples/annual growth increment. These samples were analysed for d18O, then the data interpolated to seasonal resolution (presented here). In this region, seasonal and interannual variations in skeletal d18O are due to the combined effects of changes in precipitation/evaporation balance and temperature; see Tudhope et al., 1995, Earth Planet. Sci. Lett., 136, 575, and Tudhope et al., 2001, Science, 291, 1511-1517 for further discussion of climatic interpretation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes highly pathogenic avian influenza and explains why this wildlife disease is of concern to health scientists and the public. Diagram shows potential pathways by which the disease could be transmitted to other animals, including humans.SEISMIC_SHAKING_PREDICTED_RESPONSE_RP35_IN is a polygon shapefile that shows the distribution and classification of National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program (NEHRP) soil types. This shapefile represents the first attempt to assign reasonable NEHRP soil classifications to the geologic materials throughout Indiana. The NEHRP soil classifications are based on geologic and engineering response to earthquake-induced ground shaking. NEHRP links the physical properties of soils, such as shear strength and effect on shear-wave velocity propagation, to ensure a uniform classification for nonlithified materials in the context of their performance when subjected to seismically induced ground shaking. Ranked A through F, the correct NEHRP soil class is best determined from the average shear-wave velocity of the soil column. Attributes include the following NEHRP soil classes (Hill and Foshee, 2008, Table 1, p. 5): A - Hard rock; average shear-wave velocity greater than 1,500 meters per second; amplification factor equal to 0.08. Note that Class A is not present in Indiana. B - Rock; average shear-wave velocity 760 to 1,500 meters per second; amplification factor equal to 1.0. C - Hard and (or) stiff to very stiff soils, including most gravel; average shear-wave velocity 360 to 760 meters per second; amplification factor equal to 1.1 to 1.2. D - Sands, silts, and (or) stiff to very stiff clays, and some gravel; average shear-wave velocity 180 to 360 meters per second; amplification factor equal to 1.2 to 1.6. E - Small to moderate thickness (10 to 50 feet), soft to medium-stiff clay, plasticity index greater than 20, moisture greater than 40 percent; average shear-wave velocity is less than 180 meters per second; amplification factor equal to 1.2 to 2.5. F - Soils vulnerable to potential failure or collapse under seismic loading, including liquifiable soils, quick and sensitive clays, and collapsible, weakly cemented soils; average shear-wave velocity is not applicable; amplification factor is not applicable. The following is excerpted from Indiana Geological Survey Report of Progress 35: "The distribution and classification of soil types are essential to understanding the response of geologic materials to ground shaking induced by earthquakes. Thirty-seven shear-wave velocities were measured in soft sediments at various localities throughout Indiana, twenty-eight sites of which were measured using downhole methods in freshly augered and cased wells. Purdue University provided eight additional shear-wave profiles from eight sites in their Agricultural Centers; also included is a profile from one other site in Vanderburgh County. These data, coupled with the thickness of the unconsolidated materials, were used to determine the potential amplification of earthquake-induced ground shaking. This report begins the process of defining the response of geologic materials to ground shaking induced by an earthquake having an epicenter within Indiana or nearby states. It is intended to be a tool to enhance the performance of the computer program HAZUS, developed by the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency to model the effects of earthquakes and to assess damage scenarios. "Plate 1 of this report, a map of Indiana at a scale of 1:500,000 showing the predicted response of geologic materials to seismically induced ground shaking, is intended only for regional planning purposes and is not a substitute for on-site shear-wave measurements and geotechnical data. Continued field work is anticipated, the results of which will enhance the accuracy and value of the map."Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH) Data is digital data set DSI-3505, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH) database is composed of worldwide surface weather observations from over 20,000 stations, collected and stored from sources such as the Automated Weather Network (AWN), the Global Telecommunications System (GTS), the Automated Surface Observing System (ASOS), and data keyed from paper forms. Most digital observations are decoded either at operational centers and forwarded to the Federal Climate Complex (FCC) in Asheville, NC, or decoded at the FCC. The US Air Force Combat Climatology Center (AFCCC), the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC), and the US Navy's Fleet Numerical Meteorological and Oceanographical Command Detachment (FNMOD), make up the FCC in Asheville. Each agency is responsible for data ingest, quality control, and customer support for surface climatological data. All data are now stored in a single ASCII format. Numerous DOD and civilian customers use this database in climatological applications. ISH refers to the digital database and format in which hourly and synoptic (3-hourly) weather observations are stored. The format conforms to Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS). The database includes data originating from various codes such as synoptic, airways, METAR (Meteorological Routine Weather Report), and SMARS (Supplementary Marine Reporting Station), as well as observations from automatic weather stations. The data are sorted by station-year-month-day-hour-minute. Parameters included are: Air Quality, Atmospheric Pressure, Atmospheric Temperature, Atmospheric Winds, Clouds, Precipitation, Ocean Waves, and Tides. ISD Version 1 was released in 2001, with Version 2 (additional quality control applied) in 2003. Since 2003, there have been continued incremental improvements in automated quality control software.This data set consists of the polygonal boundaries for the 2000 Census Tracts for Arizona. Census tracts are small, relatively permanent statistical subdivisions of a county delineated by local participants as part of the U.S. Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program. The U.S. Census Bureau delineated census tracts in situations where no local participant existed or where local or tribal governments declined to participate. The primary purpose of census tracts is to provide a stable set of geographic units for the presentation of decennial census data. Census tracts generally have between 1,500 and 8,000 people, with an optimum size of 4,000 people. (Counties with fewer people have a single census tract.) When first delineated, census tracts are designed to be homogeneous with respect to population characteristics, economic status, and living conditions. The spatial size of census tracts varies widely depending on the density of settlement. Census tract boundaries are delineated with the intention of being maintained over many decades so that statistical comparisons can be made from decennial census to decennial census. However, physical changes in street patterns caused by highway construction, new developments, and so forth, may require occasional boundary revisions. In addition, census tracts occasionally are split due to population growth or combined as a result of substantial population decline. Census tracts are identified by a four-digit basic number and may have a two-digit numeric suffix; for example, 6059.02. The decimal point separating the four-digit basic tract number from the two-digit suffix is shown in the printed reports and on census maps. In computer-readable files, the decimal point is implied.The AgSat Areas of Interest map contains area polygons where satellite imagery will be collected for the Farm Service Agency (FSA) to provide imagery coverage for FSA business to include image base replacement, torando damage assessment, and drought assessment. The map shows areas of interest that have been awarded (green) and areas that were planned for but did not get awarded (tan). This imagery is collected under a satellite blanket purchase agreement created for FSA by the Aerial Photography Field Office in Salt Lake City. For more information about this program please contact the contracting officer Jacque La Croix. Click on the bookmark tab in the map to zoom to each area of interest on the map. Click on a polygon inside the map to display an informational popup.WMSChinook salmon are critical species in the Puget Sound pelagic food web. Puget Sound Chinook are accumulating polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), contaminants of emerging concern. However, information on tissue concentrations of PBDEs associated with adverse effects in salmon and other fish is limited. These data are critical for assessing the risk associated with current and future levels of PBDEs in threatened salmon stocks. We propose to expose salmon to levels of PBDE congeners found previously in Puget Sound Chinook, as well as encompass levels of uncertainties associated with model predictions and potential climate change. The output of this project will significantly contribute to increasing the scientific understanding of the impacts of PBDE exposure by developing dose-response data of disease susceptibility, and endocrine and immune function. An outcome of this study is the protection of Puget Sounds food web and waters by developing protective standards for aquatic life and reducing toxins. Results of chemical analyses of PBDEs in salmon; concentrations of PBDE congeners in tissues of juvenile salmonFive possible storms in the Atlantic - Caribbean BasinIf you live near one of the seismic zones in the central United States, this handbook explains why you should be concerned with earthquakes, what you can expect during a quake, and what you need to do beforehand to be safe and reduce property damage.Global Surface Summary of the Day is derived from The Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH) dataset. The ISH dataset includes global data obtained from the USAF Climatology Center, located in the Federal Climate Complex with NCDC. The latest daily summary data are normally available 1-2 days after the date-time of the observations used in the daily summaries. The online data files begin with 1929 and are at the time of this writing at the Version 8 software level. Over 9000 stations' data are typically available. The daily elements included in the dataset (as available from each station) are: Mean temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Mean dew point (.1 Fahrenheit) Mean sea level pressure (.1 mb) Mean station pressure (.1 mb) Mean visibility (.1 miles) Mean wind speed (.1 knots) Maximum sustained wind speed (.1 knots) Maximum wind gust (.1 knots) Maximum temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Minimum temperature (.1 Fahrenheit) Precipitation amount (.01 inches) Snow depth (.1 inches) Indicator for occurrence of: Fog, Rain or Drizzle, Snow or Ice Pellets, Hail, Thunder, Tornado/Funnel Cloud Global summary of day data for 18 surface meteorological elements are derived from the synoptic/hourly observations contained in USAF DATSAV3 Surface data and Federal Climate Complex Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH). Historical data are generally available for 1929 to the present, with data from 1973 to the present being the most complete. For some periods, one or more countries' data may not be available due to data restrictions or communications problems. In deriving the summary of day data, a minimum of 4 observations for the day must be present (allows for stations which report 4 synoptic observations/day). Since the data are converted to constant units (e.g, knots), slight rounding error from the originally reported values may occur (e.g, 9.9 instead of 10.0). The mean daily values described below are based on the hours of operation for the station. For some stations/countries, the visibility will sometimes 'cluster' around a value (such as 10 miles) due to the practice of not reporting visibilities greater than certain distances. The daily extremes and totals--maximum wind gust, precipitation amount, and snow depth--will only appear if the station reports the data sufficiently to provide a valid value. Therefore, these three elements will appear less frequently than other values. Also, these elements are derived from the stations' reports during the day, and may comprise a 24-hour period which includes a portion of the previous day. The data are reported and summarized based on Greenwich Mean Time (GMT, 0000Z - 2359Z) since the original synoptic/hourly data are reported and based on GMT.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Trace elements were present at high concentrations in 32% of the primary aquifers here, and at moderate concentrations in 17%. Of particular interest are aluminum, arsenic, vanadium, boron, fluoride, chromium, lead, and molybdenum.NGDC's U.S. Coastal Relief Model (CRM) provides the first comprehensive view of the U.S. coastal zone integrating offshore bathymetry with land topography into a seamless representation of the coast. The CRM spans the U.S. East and West Coasts, the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, reaching out to, and in places even beyond, the continental slope. Bathymetric and topographic data sources include: NGDC's NOS hydrographic surveys, multibeam bathymetry, and trackline bathymetry; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS); and other federal government agencies and academic institutions. Bathymetric contours from the International Bathymetric Chart of the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico project were also used. Digital elevation models (DEMs) of the Great Lakes, Southern Alaska, and high-resolution DEMs of U.S. coastal communities and territories are also available.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to map the coral reef habitats of American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands by visual interpretation and manual delineation of IKONOS satellite imagery. A two tiered habitat classification system was tested and implemented in this work. It integrates geomorphologic reef structure and biological cover into a single scheme and subsets each into detail. It also includes thirteen zones. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 149.2 square kilometers of which 37 were unconsolidated sediment and 112 were coral reef and hard bottom.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) receive airborne magnetic survey data from US and non-US agencies. In an effort to provide a central library for digital aeromagnetic data in the public domain, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is continuing to assimilate new digital data from aeromagnetic surveys in the United States. Major contributors to this important data base include the U.S. Geological Survey, U.S. Naval Oceanographic Office, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, the University of Texas, and the Natural Resources Canada (NRCAN). The details of these surveys are contained in an automated inventory system Geophysical Data System (GEODAS). The philosophy of exchange of data from the NGDC archive for new contributions has stimulated many organizations to transfer their data holdings to the Data Center.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.HI No: HI 751; IPR Holder: Ministry of Defence; Purpose: Wreck investigation; IHO Sea: Irish Sea and the St; Survey Start: 1996-10-08; Survey End: 1996-10-10; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - single beam; Primary Navigation Type: DGPSTemperature profile data were collected using XBT casts from the NANCOWRY in the Bay of Bengal. Data were collected from 18 February 2000 to 28 February 2000.Rugosity is derived from gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. Cell values reflect the (surface area) / (planimetric area) ratio for the area contained within that cell's boundaries. They provide indices of topographic roughness & convolutedness. This data set is for of Baker Island,Pacific Remote Island Areas, Central Pacific.This lab provides identification and quantification of crystalline and amorphous substances, and crystallographic and atomic structure analysis for a wide variety of sample materials.Summarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data layer depicts lands and waters administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in North America, U.S. Trust Territories and Possessions. It may also include inholdings that are not administered by USFWS. The primary source for this information is the USFWS Realty program.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.On this web site you will find information on the Ocean Data Standards process, on the adopted Standards, the Partners and a wealth of background information on methods and guidelines for oceanographic data management.Deep-sea corals, also known as cold-water corals, have become a topic of interest due to conservation concerns over the impacts of trawling, exploration for oil and gas, and climate change.Aerial gamma-ray surveys measure the gamma-ray flux produced by the radioactive decay of the naturally occurring elements K-40, U-238, and Th-232 in the top few centimeters of rock or soil. If the gamma-ray system is properly calibrated the data can be expressed in terms of the estimated concentrations of the radioactive elements. A ternary color-composite image was generated by commercial software Geosoft Oasismontaj to map the combination of all three elements. During the period 1975-83, the U.S. Department of Energy carried out the National Uranium Resource Evaluation (NURE) Program, which included aerial gamma-ray surveys of most of the United States. These data were reprocessed to generate this product.Downloadable data for earthquakes and faults for use with the Google Earth softwarepowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationOrtho photography was captured to meet basemapping needs in Crawford County.Mathematical model of the groundwater system in this area includes 13 types of data and spans multiple aquifers over more than a century. This enables us to assess the quantity of groundwater, where and how it is being used, and how pumping affects it.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date water-quality data, such as temperature, specific conductance, pH, nutrients, pesticides, and volatile organic compounds downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.File 100-001b is a 60-m ASCII grid of depth data collected near Lisianski Island in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as of May 2003. This grid has been produced as part of the "Bathymetric Atlas of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands -- A Planning Document for Benthic Habitat Mapping -- Draft -- May 2003. Data sources for the downloadable grids include: multibeam bathymetry from Simrad EM1002 and EM120 sonars aboard the R/V Kilo Moana collected in October/November 2003; multibeam bathymetry data from a SeaBeam 210 sonar aboard the R/V Kai'imikai-O-Kanaloa collected in 2000-2002; LIDAR data obtained using the LADS MK II lidar system; and depth data derived from IKONOS satellite imagery. No tidal corrections have been applied to the data. The data source location for each type of data is indicated in the "dot plot" browse objects. Additional single-beam bathymetric data are available in this area and are indicated on the 100-001b Plot C browse object, but these less accurate depths are not included in the downloadable grid. Multibeam data were processed using SABER editing software and MBSystem and multibeam, LIDAR and IKONOS data were integrated using MBSystem, and GMT. Grid spacing is 60-m, horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation.The Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) is a weather forecast model made up of 21 separate forecasts, or ensemble members. The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) started the GEFS to address the nature of uncertainty in weather observations, which are used to initialize weather forecast models. The proverbial butterfly flapping her wings can have a cascading effect leading to wind gusts thousands of miles away. This extreme example illustrates that tiny, unnoticeable differences between reality and what is actually measured can, over time, lead to noticeable differences between what a weather model forecast predicts and reality itself. The GEFS attempts to quantify the amount of uncertainty in a forecast by generating an ensemble of multiple forecasts, each minutely different, or perturbed, from the original observations. With global coverage, GEFS is produced four times a day with weather forecasts going out to 16 days and a 6 hour temporal resolution. This dataset has 2.5 degree horizontal resolution.WMSThese GIS files represent geographic boundaries for lands that are under the protection of NYS Agricultural District Law, administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets. The boundaries are derived from New York State Agricultural District, 1:24,000-scale, maps produced at county agencies. The district boundaries correspond to tax parcel data. District boundaries are joined into a file representing all of the Agricultural Districts within an entire county. Note that 2003 legislation allows lands to be added to districts on an annual basis. Electronic data provided here may predate those additions. When annual additions are included, an additional field (OEadds303b) is annexed to the attribute table; the dates of the annual additions listed in that field. Tax parcel detail and secondary rights-of-way are not included in this dataset. Rights-of-way for state and federal highways, railroads and utilities are only included when they are delineated on the original 1:24,000 scale maps. The data files are in ArcGIS shapefile format.This Geology, Bedrock dataset, published at 1:24000 (1in=2000ft) scale, was produced all or in part from Hardcopy Maps information as of 2004. It is described as 'Geologic Map of the North Carolina Portion of the Gasburg Quadrangle (Mapping by USGS)'. Data by this publisher are often provided in State Plane coordinate system; in a Lambert Conformal-conic projection; The extent of these data is generally Halifax County, NC,Warren County, NC. This metadata was auto-generated through the Ramona GIS Inventory System (www.gisinventory.net) and does not represent all information about this data set.This project concerns the presence of oysters at the site of Kentish Flats Offshore Wind Farm after its construction. A series of field sampling of the local native oysters was undertaken to be able to assess the levels of specific chemicals in the flesh of the oysters. A comparison is made between the pre and post construction results.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/ASouth 40 Fitness, s40fitnessChanges in size and age at maturity of chum salmon (Oncorhynchus keta) were monitored for two locations in North America. Chum salmon spawners returning to Fish Creek, southeastern Alaska, were sampled yearly from 1972 through 1996. Spawners retuning to the Quilcene National Fish Hatchery in Hood Canal, Washington, were sampled yearly from 1973 through 1996. Size at maturity of both populations declined significantly from about 1980 to the mid-1990s. Age at maturity increased during this time. These changes were associated with a major ocean climate regime shift in the North Pacific Ocean that occurred in 1976-77. Population abundance of chum salmon increased greatly after the regime shift, especially in Asia. Similar changes in size and age at maturity occurred in Asian chum salmon; because the range of North American and Asian chum salmon overlaps on the high seas, these changes are discussed in relation to possible density-dependent population factors. Since the mid-1990s, size at maturity and population abundance have increased, possibly indicating another climate change in the North Pacific Ocean.A population of bottlenose dolphins forms a primary interest of Cardigan Bay and it was for this that Cardigan Bay was first selected as a Special Area of Conservation. Cardigan Bay is known to host the largest population of semi-resident bottlenose dolphins in the UK. The data collected as part of this research is being used to monitor the population dynamics and beahaviour of bottlenose dolphins and harbour porpoises in Cardigan Bay. Cardigan Bay is known to host the largest population of semi-resident bottlenose dolphins in the UK. This data covers monitoring carried out by the Sea Watch Foundation between 2011-2013 on behalf of the Countryside Council for Wales and subsequently Natural Resources Wales, to monitor bottlenose dolphin and harbour porpoise populations in Cardigan Bay. As of April 1st 2012, all of the Countryside Council for Wales (CCW) data is held and managed by Natural Resources Wales (NRW).Visual transect surveys were performed and hogfish (Lachnolaimus maximus) were harvested over a range of depths and habitat types within the central eastern Gulf of Mexico. Hogfish were recorded as present during 73% of all performed dives, and were most common over rugose natural hard bottom habitat. As depth and distance from shore increased, hogfish density decreased; however, mean hogfish size and age showed a positive relationship with depth. A dramatic difference emerged between shallow and deep water collections, with fish transitioning into males at a much smaller size and age within shallow water. Furthermore, fish older than 8 yrs and larger than 559 mm FL were not recorded from shallow water sites, while deep water collections yielded fish as old as 19 and as large as 765 mm FL. Observed sex ratio had a mean value of 1:10 M: F, and showed no change with season or site depth, suggesting that hogfish maintain harem structure throughout the year. Gonad histology and visual observations of courtship behavior support previous accounts that hogfish spawn in the winter and spring, with highest reproductive activity recorded during March and April. Evidence is presented for a more protracted spawning period at greater depths. Growth parameters as well as survival and mortality estimates are similar to those estimated previously for hogfish within the eastern Gulf of Mexico.Links to current Geographic Analysis and Monitoring (GAM)studies.USGS water resources home page for Hawaii, Micronesia, and American Samoa with links to detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and long term data on streamflow, ground and surface water, water quality, rainfall, water use and current issues.WMSUSCRN Hourly Products are available on public FTP and derived from the USCRN processed data. Hourly products include averages and calculated values for precipitation, air temperature, solar radiation, surface temperature, relative humidity, soil moisture, and soil temperature on hourly time scale. Other products are available from USCRN, including sub-hourly, daily, and monthly products. It is the general practice of USCRN to not calculate derived variables if the input data to these calculations are flagged. These data records are versioned based on the processing methods and algorithms used for the derivations, and data are updated when the higher quality raw data become available from stations' datalogger storage (Datalogger Files).Zoek binnen de website van Debian.Georgia Tech/NASA Goddard Global Ozone Chemistry Aerosol Radiation Transport Model operated by NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Offi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteNOAA CoastWatch distributes SST anomaly data using a combination of the POES AVHRR Global Area Coverage data, and data from a climatological database by Casey and Cornillon. AVHRR SST is compared with the climatological SST for the region and time period specified.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution 'color by depth' bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderWFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico House Legislative District Boundaries - 2009 (c3547dbb-767b-4f73-bd9c-3fb7aa109c17)Object Class: Harbour area (administrative) Definition: The area over which a harbour authority has jurisdiction. Distinction: dock area;The Scholarly Kitchen Search The Scholarly Kitchen - What's Hot & What's Cooking in Scholarly Publishing - from the Society for Scholarly PublishingNational-scale geochemical analysis of stream sediments and soils in the US, from existing data, reanalysis of existing samples, and new sampling. Goal for sample density is one per 289 square km.Coastal bathymetric depth, measured in meters at depth values of: -30, -60, -900 Shallow Zone (0-30m): Technology has been demonstrated on a commercial scale at these depths. Foundation types include monopile, gravity base and suction buckets designs. Transition Zone (30-60m): Technology has not been demonstrated on a commercial scale at these depths but several small scale projects have been successfully installed and commissioned at these depths Foundation types include tripod, jacket and tripile designs. Deepwater Zone (60 - 900m): Technology has not been demonstrated on a commercial scale at these depths but several pilot projects have been successfully demonstrated. Foundation types include spar, semi-submersible and tension leg platform designs.Department of Economics - University of OxfordHawaiian coral sequence data Dataset Description: Illumina sequenced 16S rRNA genes amplified from different life stages of the coralsFungia scutariaandMontipora capitatafrom central Kaneohe Bay off of the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Acquisition Description: Fungia scutariasample collection Adult specimens of the solitary coralF. scutariawere collected from Kaneohe Bay on the northeastern shore of Oahu, Hawaii in the Pacific Ocean in June 2010 and kept in open-system tanks (sea tables) at the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology in anticipation of spawning events. Following spawning, eggs and sperm were collected for fertilization in Petri dishes, and replicate batches of larvae were raised in 0.1 m-filtered (sterile), 1.6 m-filtered (excludesSymbiodiniumand zooplankton), 20 m-filtered (excludes zooplankton) or raw seawater. Samples from each life history stage (eggs, larvae, juveniles, and adults) were frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. Eggs and embryos were rinsed in sterilized seawater upon sampling. Each adult sample consists of three small pieces of an individual coral combined in one tube. Ca. 1 L of seawater was sampled from the sea tables one hour prior to the final spawning event, filtered, and frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. 50 mL of the culture water was sampled from the Petri dish treatments (originally 0.1 m-filtered, 1.6 m-filtered, or 20 m-filtered seawater) after approximately 72 hours of exposure to the developing coral larvae during the final experiment. Montipora capitatasample collection Fragments of adult specimens of the colonial coralM. capitatawere collected from Kaneohe Bay in June 2010 and July 2011 and kept in sea tables at HIMB in anticipation of spawning events. Following spawning, egg-sperm bundles were collected from the sea tables for fertilization in Petri dishes, and replicate batches of larvae were raised in 0.1 m-filtered, 1.6 m-filtered, or 20 m-filtered seawater. Samples from each life history stage (egg-sperm bundles, larvae, juveniles, and adults) were frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. Egg-sperm bundles were rinsed in TFF sterilized seawater upon sampling. Each adult sample consists of three small pieces of an individual coral combined in one tube. Ca. 1 L of seawater was sampled from the sea tables approximately one hour prior to the final spawning event, filtered, and frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. 35 mL of the culture water was sampled from the Petri dish treatments (originally 0.1 m-filtered, 1.6 m-filtered, or 20 m-filtered seawater) after approximately 72 hours of exposure to the developing coral larvae during the final experiment in 2010, filtered, and frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. Additionally, throughout summer 2010, field-spawned egg-sperm bundles and field-fertilized larvae were collected from Kaneohe Bay and raised under the same treatments (0.1 m-filtered, 1.6 m-filtered, 20 m-filtered, or raw seawater), and sampled in the same manner and at the same life-history stages (egg-sperm bundles, larvae, juveniles, and adults) as the corals spawned in sea tables. Ca. 1 L of seawater was sampled from the Kaneohe Bay lagoon 1 hour prior to the August 2010 field-spawning event and 1 hour after the June and July 2010 field-spawning events, filtered, and filters were frozen for DNA analysis in DNA lysis buffer. DNA extraction and Illumina amplicon sequencing of bacterial SSU rRNA genes Nucleic acids were extracted fromF. scutariacorals and filters using the NucleoSpin Soil Kit (Macherey-Nagel, Duren, Germany) following the manufacturer s protocol, modified as follows: lysis buffer SL1 and Enhancer SX were used, lysis time was increased to 20 min and two subsequent elution steps were performed with 50 l fresh elution buffer each. DNA quality and yield were checked by agarose gel electrophoresis. Nucleic acids were extracted fromM. capitatasamples and filters using the PowerSoil DNA Isolation Kit (MO BIO, Carlsbad, CA) following the manufacturer s protocol, modified as follows: initial physical disruption time (via vortex) was increased to 30 min, and two subsequent elution steps were performed with 100 l fresh DNA-Free PCR Grade water each. DNA quality and yield were checked by agarose gel electrophoresis. The V4 region of the 16S rRNA gene was amplified with the primer pair F515/R806, which include Illumina flowcell adapter sequences and a sample-specific barcode on the reverse primer. The MasterTaq Kit (5 PRIME, Hamburg, Germany) was used for all PCR reactions. Amplification was performed using a touchdown protocol as in as follows: initial denaturation at 95 C for 3 min, and 30 cycles at 95 C for 30 sec, 65 C for 1 min (decreasing by 0.5 C per cycle), and 72 C for 2 min. After these 30 cycles, a further 5 7 cycles were performed using an annealing temperature of 50 C, and concluding with a final extension at 72 C for 20 min. Resulting PCR amplicons were quantified using the PicoGreen dsDNA assay (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA), pooled at equimolar concentrations and subsequently cleaned using the UltraClean PCR Clean-Up Kit (MO BIO Laboratories, Carlsbad, CA). Sequencing of theF. scutariaPCR products was performed on an Illumina MiSeq at the University of Colorado BioFrontiers Institute (Boulder, CO), while sequencing of theM. capitataPCR products was performed on an Illumina MiSeq at the University of Hawaii HIMB Genetics Core Facility (Kaneohe, HI).Discussion of large floods and occurrence in relationship to regional climatology, topography, and basin size.The primary goal of U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Natural Hazards Response is to ensure that the disaster response community has access to timely, accurate, and relevant geospatial products, imagery, and services during and after an emergency event.The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Undersea Research Center at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington (NURC/UNCW) coordinated an acoustic survey in portions of the Oculina Habitat Area of Particular Concern from June 14-19, 2005. This metadata record is the parent record for this multi-beam echosounder (MBES) survey, which includes the following products: 1) bathymetric grid, 2) XYZ ascii table created from the grid, 3) colored coded shaded geotiffs from the grid, 4) backscatter mosaic, 5) XYA (amplitude) ascii table created from the mosaic, and 6) geotif of backscatter draped on the bathymetric grid. All products are available through an on-line Oculina Geographic Information system (www.uncw.edu/oculina) and on an OGIS CD. Some data sets are also posted on NOAA's Coral Reef Information System (CoRIS) at www.coris.noaa.gov. Another product that will not be distributed, but will be used as input to habitat classification software (QTC MultiView (website)), are raw data files logged to disk using the the Simrad EM3002 MBES data acquisition software. These raw files contain packets of information (depth soundings, navigation, attitude, sound velocity profiles, UTC time) that the acquisition software logged sequentially in time. The raw data format is available from Kongsberg-Simrad (website). The MBES system was provided by Seafloor Systems Inc. and the support vessel was UNCW's 70-ft. R/V Cape Fear. This survey is part of an on-going partnership effort funded by the NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP). This survey was funded by a CRCP grant to Andrew David, NOAA Fisheries - Panama City, and Andrew Shepard, NURC/UNCW. In addition to partners above, other partners include UNCW's Spatial Analysis Lab, US Geological Survey, and the S. Atlantic fishery Management Council.The TIGER/Line shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB provides seamless national coverage with no overlaps or gaps between parts. Each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or it can be combined with shapefiles for other counties to cover a region or the entire nation. The Address Ranges Feature Shapefile (ADDRFEAT.dbf) contains the geospatial edge geometry and attributes of all unsuppressed address ranges for a county or county equivalent area. The term "address range" refers to the collection of all possible structure numbers from the first structure number to the last structure number and all numbers of a specified parity in between along an edge side relative to the direction in which the edge is coded. Single-address address ranges have been suppressed to maintain the confidentiality of the addresses they describe. Multiple coincident address range feature edge records are represented in the shapefile if more than one left or right address ranges are associated to the edge. The ADDRFEAT shapefile contains a record for each address range to street name combination. Address range associated to more than one street name are also represented by multiple coincident address range feature edge records. Note that the ADDRFEAT shapefile includes all unsuppressed address ranges compared to the All Lines Shapefile (EDGES.shp) which only includes the most inclusive address range associated with each side of a street edge. The TIGER/Line Shapefiles contain potential address ranges, not individual addresses. The address ranges in the TIGER/Line Shapefiles are potential ranges that include the full range of possible structure numbers even though the actual structures may not exist.To support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 10-11, 14, 19 March 2010, belt transect surveys of coral population and diseases quantitative assessments were conducted, as a part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI1001 in American Samoa at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). During the cruise, there were 11 surveys in total conducted at REA sites around Ofu and Olosega Island in American Samoa. At the specific REA sites, coral biologists along with algal biologists and marine invertebrate zoologist entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~300 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution REA survey to assess and monitor species composition, abundance, percent cover, size distribution, diversity, and general health of corals, macro-invertebrates, and algae in shallow-water (< 35 m) habitats. As a part of REA surveys, the coral belt surveys were focused on quantifying the diversity, abundance, density, and size-class distribution of the anthozoan and hydrozoan corals as well as the condition and health state of the coral reef populations. The surveys were conducted along two consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines. The belt width was 1-m wide, 0.5-m on each side of the transect line. Within each 25m transect, five 2.5-meter segments were surveyed (beginning at points: 0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 meters), whereby in each segment, all coral colonies whose center fell within 0.5m of either side of the transect line were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible (genus or species) and two planar size metrics were collected: maximum diameter and diameter perpendicular to the maximum diameter. In addition, the extent of mortality, both recent and old, was estimated for each colony. Observers paid special attention to identifying as best as possible the extent of the former live colony. When a coral colony exhibited signs of disease or compromised health, additional information was recorded including type of affliction (bleaching, skeletal growth anomaly, white syndrome, tissue loss other than white syndrome, trematodiasis, necrosis, other, pigmentation responses, algal overgrowth, and predation), severity of the affliction (mild, moderate, marked, severe, acute), as well as photographic documentation and sometimes tissue samples. Tissue samples were catalogued and fixed in buffered zinc-formalin solution for further histopathological analyses. Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts per taxon, size (width and length), mortality, predation, and health status. A surveyed area was ranging from 10m2 to 25m2 per site.WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian/ Alaska Native Area/ Hawaiian Homeland Areas for Socorro County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (42761206-d684-4b60-858c-b8d05dc0d798)Mathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Dizionario in linea Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineThe NOAA Coastal Services Center manages and distributes lidar data for the coastal United States, including territorial possessions via the Digital Coast Data Access Viewer web-mapping application. The data span from the mid-1990's to the present and were collected using several different sensors. The collection includes data from topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors. Data are available for shoreline strips to full county coverage and larger. The products have been delivered to the CSC in various formats, projections, datums, and units. Once received, the data are reviewed, checked for errors, and standardized in a single format, projection, and datum. The NOAA National Geophysical Data Center serves as the long-term archive of these data.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Line point intercept (LPI) surveys and benthic composition assessments were conducted during Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA) as part of the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) cruise HA1008 in Main Hawaiian Islands from 20101007 to 20101105. Surveys are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) at biennial intervals to support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. During the cruise, 15 REA sites were surveyed at Maui in Main Hawaiian Islands. Benthic biologists from NOAA's Coral Reef Ecosystem Division conducted Line Point Intercept surveys to quantitatively document the benthic cover at pre-determined long-term monitoring REA sites. Two linear 25 m transects were surveyed with a 5 m inter-transect region between the end of Transect 1 and the start of Transect 2. The LPI diver determines the benthic composition at 20 cm intervals for a total of 125 data points per transect. All living benthic elements (e.g., coral, algae, and other invertebrates) were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible, often substituting functional group categories for turf algae and crustose coralline algae when identification in the field was extremely difficult. In cases where the substrate is bare or covered with turf algae, the substrate composition is also noted as either sand, rock, rubble, carbonate pavement, or dead coral. The data allows for the assessment and monitoring of species composition and abundance and provide the basis for computing quantitative estimates of percent cover at higher taxonomic levels like functional group (live coral, macroalgae, turf algae) or on a finer taxonomic resolution such as genus level.Label (point) feature class of Office Of Emergency Management (OEM) Ambulatory Surgical Centers throughout Miami-Dade County.Search TIAA-CREF CommunitiesWMSFact sheet on the need to protect biological soil crusts in the desert. These crusts are most of the soil surface in deserts not covered by green plants and are inhabited by cyanobacterium (blue-green algae) and other organisms useful to the ecosystem.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). In 1992, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) placed most of the core data from legs 101-129 of the ODP onto CDROM in cooperation with NSF and JOI. The data are from an ODP relational database system in place prior to the later, JANUS, system. Not all of the data in this archive were transferred to JANUS, so some data files are unique. In 2001, the CDROM was replaced by a new version with an HTML interface, and also placed online. Data types included are: Age profile, carbon-carbonate, corelog, gas chromatography, gamma ray attenuation porositoy evaluator (GRAPE) special 2-minute counts, hard-rock visual core descriptions, hard-rock thin section descriptions, index properties of sediment, interstitial water chemistry, paleomagnetic susceptibility and intensity, rock evaluator data, sedimentary lithology, site summary, smearslide descriptions, velocity, and x-ray fluorescence data.This dataset is a compilation of depth to bedrock surface data for state of Iowa, compiled by the Iowa Geological and Water Survey and provided by Illinois State Geological Survey. Iowa Bedrock Depth Dataset is published as a Web feature service, a web map service, and an ESRI service for the National Geothermal Data System. For more information on these data see links provided.The CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, and Prediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation as part of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE). Collection and analysis of cores for the 120K bp CLIMAP set was carried out by several institutions; data were compiled by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University. Data include micropaleontology, carbonate percentages, carbon 14 age dates, sea surface temperature estimates, and oxygen and carbon isotopic data for 52 ocean sediment cores. Data cover the period from 140,000 to 100,000 years before present and are global in extent. The CLIMAP 120k data are available for direct download via NGDC's Web server.MarineCadastre.gov themed service for public consumption featuring layers associated with ocean energy featured in the National Viewer.Visual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.Fact sheet (PDF format) on gas hydrates occurrence, recovery, and use as an energy source.WFS Service for RGIS dataset New Mexico, 2010 Census County Subdivision State-based (41b157be-ae1f-4011-97d1-d975618fe7fd)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The USGS Seismological Laboratory in Albuquerque installs and maintains a world network of seismograph stations, collects the seismic data, and evaluates seismic instruments. Site includes links to ASL publications, earthquake maps and seismic data.The National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) receive airborne magnetic survey data from US and non-US agencies. In an effort to provide a central library for digital aeromagnetic data in the public domain, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is continuing to assimilate new digital data from aeromagnetic surveys in the United States. Major contributors to this important data base include the U.S. Geological Survey, U.S. Naval Oceanographic Office, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, the University of Texas, and the Natural Resources Canada (NRCAN). The details of these surveys are contained in an automated inventory system Geophysical Data System (GEODAS). The philosophy of exchange of data from the NGDC archive for new contributions has stimulated many organizations to transfer their data holdings to the Data Center.Overview of the Toxic Substances Hydrology Program role in investigating the occurrence and fate of agricultural chemicals with links to investigations, headlines, on-line fact sheets, new publications, bibliographies and photo gallery.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains Outer Continental Shelf block outlines in ArcGIS shapefile format for the BOEM Alaska Region. OCS blocks are used to define small geographic areas within an Official Protraction Diagram (OPD) for leasing and administrative purposes. These blocks have been clipped along the Submerged Lands Act (SLA) boundary and along the Continental Shelf Boundaries. Additional details are available from: http://www.boem.gov/BOEM-Newsroom/Library/Publications/1999/99-0006-pdf.aspx Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, and because shapefiles can not represent true arcs, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record for the exact block coordinates or areas. The Official Protraction Diagrams (OPDs) and Supplemental Official Block Diagrams (SOBDs) serve as the legal definition for BOEM offshore boundary coordinates and area descriptions.From 1986 when the first NMFS observers were placed on domestic fishing vessels until the rollout of the re-engineered data model in December of 2007. Debriefed and validated observer data was maintained in the "Domestic" set of tables in the NORPAC database.The classification system by which coal is classified into resource/reserve base/reserve categories on the basis of the geologic assurance of the existence of those categories and on the economic feasibility of their recovery.EGN has published Settlement Points in Guinea on their website in support of the Ebola crisis.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Explore, play and be inspired by permanent exhibits, which include more than 60 animals native to Ohio. Located in Dayton.The following database summarizes the results from aquatic acute toxicity tests conducted by the USGS CERC located in Columbia, Missouri.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Research on birds, mammals, ecosystems and habitats, fish and fisheries in AlaskaThe National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.The NOAA Hypoxia Watch project provides near-real-time, web-based maps of dissolved oxygen near the sea floor over the Texas-Louisiana continental shelf during a period that extends from early June to mid-July. The NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service Mississippi Laboratories at Pascagoula and Stennis Space Center and the NOAA National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC) at Stennis Space Center began the Hypoxia Watch project in 2001. Scientists aboard the NOAA Research Vessel Oregon II measure seawater properties, such as water temperature, salinity, chlorophyll, and dissolved oxygen at each of approximately 240 locations as the Oregon II cruises the waters south of Pascagoula, MS and then makes its way from Brownsville, Texas, to the mouth of the Mississippi River. A scientist aboard the ship processes the measurements from electronic dissolved oxygen sensors, checks the measurements periodically with chemical analyses of the seawater, then sends the data by e-mail to NCDDC at Stennis Space Center approximately every three to five days. Physical Scientists at NCDDC transform the dissolved oxygen measurements into contour maps, which identify areas of low oxygen, or hypoxia. During the 6-week cruise, as the data is received from the ship, NCDDC generates new maps and immediately publishes them on the web. The first map will usually cover an area off the Mississippi coast, successive maps will add areas of the continental shelf from Brownsville to Galveston, and the final map will usually cover the entire Texas-Louisiana-Mississippi coast. Maps are published every three to five days from approximately June 10 to July 20.Information on porphyry copper deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, a general classification based on geologic setting, mineralogy, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.Report: Arnold, SE. 1971. Cruise Report for MV Moray Firth IV North Irish Sea Survey. MGU Project 69/02. (IGS Report No 17) Positioning: Main Chain Decca with Mark12 receiver Echo Sounding: Kelvin Hughes MS 36 and MS32 Sonar Systems: EG side-scan sonar Kelvin Hughes MS43 Mk1 transit sonar Seismic Systems: Sparker System: EG sparker system with 16 element hydrophone streamer. Most lines run at either 0.5kJ or 3kJ Magnetometer: Varian magnetometer. See also IGS report 71/19.Links to reports of aquatic ecosystems research at the Western Fisheries Research Center (WFRC) emphasizing the understanding of ecological processes for aquatic systems, including river basins, riparian areas, wetlands, and estuaries.OceanDocs OceanDocs DSpace repositoryPhysical, current, meteorological, and other data were collected from XBT casts, buoys, and other instruments from a World-Wide distribution. Data were collected from 21 April 2003 to 04 June 2003. Data were submitted by the Marine Environmental Data Service (MEDS) in support of the Array for Real-time Geostrophic Oceanography (Argo), the Gulf of Mexico NOAA/NMFS Ship of Opportunity (SOOP), and the Global Temperature-Salinity Pilot Project (GTSPP). Physical parameters include profiles of temperature and salinity. Current parameters include current direction and speed. Meteorological data include dry bulb temperature, wind speed, wind direction, relative humidity, and air pressure.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderThese raster data of the thickness of the Chinle formation in the Upper Colorado River Basin (UCRB) were created for the purpose of developing a generalized predevelopment groundwater flow model of the Mesozoic and Paleozoic aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin and use that model along with a few recharge estimates to estimate water budgets for the aquifers including associated groundwater contributions to the Colorado River surface water system. The modeling exercise also explored considerations for development of a more detailed groundwater flow model that would include all of the major aquifers in the Upper Colorado River Basin.A compiled density of threatened and endangered species built around 2000m wide hexagonal cells. The dataset was created by generating a blank hex grid, intersecting it with the May 2005 CNDDB dataset, and then counting the number if unique species from the CNDDB within each Hex cell.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Marine Environmental Data Initiative Metadata (MEDIN) Catalogue Search Search the MEDIN metadata catalogue using the full interfaceThis project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; BAE Systems Spectral Solutions; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to incorporate previously developed mapping methods to produce coral reef habitat maps for American Samoa, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. GPS field observations were used to establish the thematic accuracy of this thematic product. 1113 benthic habitat characterizations were completed for this work.Explains how industrial minerals are produced and overseen through governmental regulation, and describes the industrial mineral resources of central Colorado.We estimated means of 19 billion barrels of oil and 83 trillion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas resources in 10 geologic provinces of this area using a geology-based assessment methodology.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These lightless and nutrient-poor natural systems are home to life forms found nowhere else on Earth. Three new genera and at least 15 new species have been discovered here.Layered GeoPDF 7.5 Minute Quadrangle Map. Layers of geospatial data include orthoimagery, roads, grids, geographic names, elevation contours, hydrography, and other selected map features.Analysis of the program with a detailed study of the best collection of data available from it. Includes recommendations for future studies of bats.This dataset contains case counts, rates, and confidence intervals of asthma (ICD9-CM 493.0-493.9) and myocardial infarction (ICD9-CM 410) inpatient hospitalizations among California residents for the years 2000-2005. These data are stratified by year and month of admission, county of residence, age group, race/ethnicity and gender. Crude, age-adjusted, and modeled rates and confidence intervals are included.ArcIMS Web Map Service: USGS_EDC_Antarctic_DataResearch and assessments on mineral and energy resources, the economic and environmental effects of resource extraction and use; and on human activities that introduce chemical and pathogenic contaminants into the environment.Analysis of sea-surface temperature in the Indian Ocean shows that warming correlates with east African rainfall; the effect on atmospheric convection and precipitation over the Indian Ocean is greater than that associated with El Ni o (ENSO).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.La Asociaci n Nacional para la Conservaci n de la Naturaleza (ANCON), es una organizaci n privada, sin fines de lucro, cuya misi n es la de Conservar la biodiversidad y los recursos naturales de Panam para beneficio de las presentes y futuras generaciones; la misma fue fundada en 1985 por un grupo de prominentes hombres de negocios, cient ficos y l deres de la comunidad. Desde sus inicios, ANCON ha trabajado muy cerca con organismos nacionales e internacionales, entidades acad micas, comerciales y comunidades locales.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Ecotox Program is at the forefront, nationally and internationally, of targeted research to characterize the impacts of petroleum hydrocarbons on NOAA trust resources, particularly fish early life stages. This work is extending lessons learned from the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska, through the Cosco Busan spill in San Francisco Bay, to an array of current and intensive activities associated with the Deepwater Horizon natural resource damage assessment in the Gulf of Mexico. This research has been particularly influential in recent years (PNAS papers in 2011 and 2012), with major Deepwater papers forthcoming in 2012 and 2013. Funding has come from NOS/ORR, the Oiled Wildlife Care Network, the Prince William Sound Regional Citizen's Advisory Council, the San Francisco Estuary Institute, and other sources. Ecotox is currently developing new tools to assess PAH exposure and toxicity in fish and other animals, with national applicability - e.g., in advance of anticipated oil drilling in the Arctic, beginning in the summer of 2012. Toxicological effects of PAH on the morphology, heart rate, gene expression of zebrafish larvae/embryosMeteorological observations originating from moored buoys, light vessels or remote island systems produced hourly for weather forecasting and as part of the long term climatological record. Measurements include mean sea level pressure, air temperature, humidity, wind speed, wind direction, max gust speed, sea surface temperature (SST), visibility, wave period and wave height. On occasion there may be gaps within the dataset.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geospatial metadata search.WMS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Persons 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (09c3d576-cc4a-4e87-a711-d789ad7da11a)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSSearch Embedding Impact Analysis: Learning from Law on Brookes WikiSCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.WMSThe South Texas Outer Continental Shelf Project (STOCS) conducted by the University of Texas and the USGS with funding from BLM/NOAA.The USGS produced geochemical analyses of sediment and suspended sediment, clay mineralogy, and physical properties of sediment for 264 samples collected from October 26, 1974 to December 21, 1974. Additional grain size analyses are not included in the NGDC digital grain size file due to numerous errors. The University of Texas produced grain size analyses in the historic 073 format for 1647 sea floor samples collected from February 8, 1976 to October 18, 1977. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.Temperature, species identification, and other data were collected from XIANG YANG HONG 14 and other platforms using net, bottle, and CTD casts in the Pacific Ocean and South China Sea. Data were collected from 14 October 1970 to 13 February 1987 by the Ministry of the Navy; Instituto Hidrografico with support from the Global Ocean Data Archaeology and Rescue (GODAR) project.A group of eight intertidal creeks with high densities of oysters, Crassostrea virginica, in North Inlet Estuary, South Carolina, USA were studied using a replicated BACI (Before - After Control - Incident) design in which all creeks are sampled simultaneously. The study known as the CREEK Project began in January 1996. Based on preliminary geomorphological observations of North Inlet creeks, by fall of 1996, eight creeks similar in size and configuration were selected for the study. Geomorphological observations were made in four stages ranging from general to detailed: 1) a general reconnaissance and the selection of the eight creeks, 2) Chris Corbett and Leroy Humphries conducted detailed survey of the internal geomorphology of the selected eight creeks using GIS equipment, 3) Leah Gregory produced a oyster reef map and oyster biomass determination (referred to as the Oyster Biomass Database), and 4) Dennis Allen measured and classified all creek bottoms (referred to as Internal Creek Habitat Survey). The first three stages occurred before the first nekton measurement, which was in March 1997. In January 1997, oysters were added or removed from each creek to equalize oyster biomass at 8 grams dry body weight per cubic meter of bank full water volume in each creek. This stage of the project is referred to as the "pre-manipulation" period where all creeks have the same amount of oyster biomass. In February 1998, about one year after the first set of water quality, chemistry, nekton and other measurements were made, living oysters were removed from four of the eight creeks (creeks 1, 4, 5, and 8), resulting in zero dry body weight per cubic meter of water at bank full volume. This was done to investigate the role of oyster reefs in controlling levels of dissolved and particulate materials in the water and to evaluate relationships between living oysters and nekton in the creeks. During the year following oyster removal, all measurements made in the first year were repeated. The second year of the project during which four of the creeks were without oyster biomass was known as the "manipulation" stage. The BACI analysis was used to compare data between the two years. Nekton samples were taken in March, June, August, and in November of 1997 and 1998, always following the same procedures. To sample the nekton present in creeks, a block net was set up at the mouth of each creek starting at a daybreak slack high tide on which the flooding level did not exceed the tops of the marsh banks (=bank full). At low tide, animals in block nets were collected and frozen. Because each creek contained tidal pools, seines were used to obtain nekton from areas retaining water and nekton at low tide. Each pool sample was also frozen. At the time of sampling, additional data such as water temperature, salinity, tidal height and time were recorded. In the months following, block net and pool samples were thawed and animals were sorted and identified to the lowest possible taxonomic level (defined as 'species' in the following description). Length data [Standard Length (SL) in mm] were obtained for up to 100 individuals in each taxonomic category. Biomass data were obtained first for the 100 individuals, and then for the entire species sample (total weight for each species). Species abundance was extrapolated from the total weight when more than 100 individuals were collected. This procedure was followed for each species in the sample. For block nets, samples were thawed and split to a manageable volume following the preceding guidelines. Total species biomass and abundance were extrapolated from subsample data. Abundance and biomass calculations per cubic meter were determined using the volume estimates for each creek. See the CREEK Project's Tidal Creek Geomorphology Metadata (Corbett/Humphries GIS Survey) for more information about how the volume estimates for each creek were made.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.These data inform the public of all stocks and stock complexes that have been subject to overfishing since 2000. If stocks are no longer subject to overfishing, the year the stock was taken off the overfishing listed is indicated. The data excludes stocks that were later determined should not have been on the overfishing list (i.e. individual stocks were listed instead of correctly listing a single stock complex, listing was in error).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) are a navigation safety device that transmits and monitors the location and characteristics of many vessels in U.S. and international waters in real-time. This map service represents the density of all tanker vessel traffic in 2011 for the US East and West Coast from tanker vessels with AIS transponders in 100 meter grid cells. The data are best interpreted using a high to low density scale and does not represent actual vessel counts.WMSAn oil and gas industry site survey for a jack-up rig acquired under licences P1230, P1327, P1231 in December 2009 and January 2010. The block number traversed was 42/14.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry and landsat imagery. Optical data were collected by CRED TOAD camera sled aboard NOAA ship Oscar Elton Sette cruise SE0807, and aboard NOAA ship Hi'ialakai cruise HA0905. Data were also collected with Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory's (HURL) RCV-150 remotely operated vehicle (ROV) on HURL R/V Ka'imikai-o-Kanaloa cruise's KOK0409, KOK0209, and KOK1207.Mississippi River alluvial fan interactive map with GIS data and imagery depicting core sites, depositional and channel interpretation, Gloria and SeaMarc datasets.These data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.177 (a)(1) Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart I Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic Region, Gear identification, Sea bass pots and associated buoys, Sea bass pots as of 2/5/2014.Jemez River Basin, NM: Post-fire landscape response NCALM Project. Jon Pelletier, University of Arizona. The survey area is defined by an 206 square kilometer irregular polygon located 12 kilometers west of Los Alamos, NM. Data were collected from May 25-28, 2012 to quantify extreme post-fire landscape response in the Jemez River basin, New Mexico.There area additional datasets covering the portions of the Catalina-Jemez Critical Zone Observatory (CZO) on OpenTopography including the Jemez River Basin Snow-on LiDAR Survey and Jemez River Basin Snow-off LiDAR Survey.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.SeaCat MicroCAT mounted on buoy yolk at a depth of 1.4m.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their Isotopes"The original coverage was digitized by UVM using our USGS-base Exchange maps filed with the Public Service Board. All Exchanges and central office locations have NOT been verified as to correctness." Quoted from transmittal letter with coverage from Allen Kieslich, (then) Staff Manager, Marketing & Technology.We estimated 920 and 352 billion barrels of oil are potentially recoverable from oil shale resources using oil-yield cutoffs of 15 and 25 gallons per ton, respectively.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.This data set consists of infrared spectra obtained using the Polar Atmospheric Emitted Radiance Interferometer (P-AERI) at Eureka, Canada.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThe map shows the bottom types for Florida Bay that resulted from site surveys and boat transects (summer 1996-January 1997) compared with aerial photographs (December 1994-January 1995) and SPOT satellite imagery (1987).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Interactive map locator for downloading free USGS topographic maps.Search the Debian website.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution 'color by depth' bathymetry of selected portions of seafloor around St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John in the US Virgin Islands, derived from data collected in 2005.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.SBML.caltech.edu (English)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Results of analysis of cores collected from 'fossil' massive Porites corals exposed in the raised reefs of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea (see below for age estimate), and living corals. The cores were collected vertically down the axis of maximum growth of the colony. Cores were subsampled into 1mm growth increments, resulting in an average of 12 samples/annual growth increment. These samples were analysed for d18O, then the data interpolated to seasonal resolution (presented here). In this region, seasonal and interannual variations in skeletal d18O are due to the combined effects of changes in precipitation/evaporation balance and temperature; see Tudhope et al., 1995, Earth Planet. Sci. Lett., 136, 575, and Tudhope et al., 2001, Science, 291, 1511-1517 for further discussion of climatic interpretation.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search library holdings with SummonThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The objectives of this work were to determine the effect of temperature on the acute and sub-lethal toxicity of malathion to sub-yearling ocean-type Chinook salmon. Juvenile salmon were exposed to different malathion concentrations for 96 hours at low (11C) and high (19-20C) temperatures. Lethal concentration curves were generated from the counts of acute mortalities and survivors. Malathion was significantly more acutely toxic to Chinook salmon when exposure occurred at a higher temperature; LC50 decreased from 364 g/l at 11C to 274 g/l at 19-20C. The effect of exposure to a sub-lethal malathion concentration (LC2), at low and high temperatures, on the immune system of Chinook salmon was assessed with a disease susceptibility assay. Malathion exposure at the low temperature had no observable effect on disease susceptibility. However, salmon exposed to malathion at high temperatures had an 11% increase in disease susceptibility relative to salmon exposed to malathion at low temperatures; temperature alone accounted for a 7% increase in disease susceptibility. Effect of malathion on juvenile salmon healthThe mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of multiple RGB images that were collected by the Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey (CHARTS) system along the coast of Illinois. CHARTS integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, a digital camera, and a hyperspectral scanner on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inland 500 meters and offshore 1,000 meters or to laser extinction. Native imagery data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages processes the imagery data into GIS-compatible products for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). Individual images have been ortho-rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. The file index is provided by the shape file, "il_boxes.shp" and the numbers used to identify files are in the "Box" field of the shape file. The data file naming convention is based on the year, project, area name, "Box" number, and product type. An example file name is "2008_NCMP_IL_Michigan_01_RGB.tif," where 2008 is the year of data collection, NCMP is the project under which data were collected, IL_Michigan is the area of data collection, 01 is the "Box" number, and "RGB" is the product type.WMS Service for RGIS dataset De Baca County 2010 Census Block Groups (84857d03-fbc6-476b-b45c-9d93dd093ce9)Overview of hydrologic unit maps adapted from USGS Water-Supply Paper 2294 giving description of hydrologic units, link to list of hydrologic units, paper maps and digital spatial data sets.The New Hampshire Hydrography Dataset (NHHD) is a feature-based database that interconnects and uniquely identifies the stream segments or reaches that make up the state's surface water drainage system. The NHHD, developed at 1:24,000 scale, is an extract from the high-resolution National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) housed at the US Geological Survey. The NHHD contains reach codes for networked features, flow direction, names, stream orders and centerline representations for areal water bodies. Reaches are also defined on waterbodies and the approximate shorelines of the the Atlantic Ocean. The NHHD also incorporates the National Spatial Data Infrastructure framework criteria established by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.This map consists of long-term (100+ years) shoreline change rates for the lower 48 states of the United States and Hawaii. Rate calculations were computed within a GIS using the Digital Shoreline Analysis System (DSAS) version 4.1, an ArcGIS extension developed by the U.S. Geological Survey. Long-term rates of shoreline change for the lower 48 states were calculated using a linear regression rate based on all available shoreline data. Long-term rates of shoreline change for Hawaii were calculated using a weighted linear regression rate based on all available shoreline data. A reference baseline was used as the originating point for the orthogonal transects cast by the DSAS software. The transects intersect each shoreline establishing measurement points, which are then used to calculate long-term rates.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Agriculture Imagery Program Change 2002-2013 is a web mapping application hosted on the ArcGIS online FSA Organizational Subscription. This web application is based on the hosted ArcGIS Online map tour template. The application depicts NAIP imagery coverage starting in 2002 and ending in 2013. The information contained in the JPEG images contained in the tour was aquired from historical archives of imagery coverage at the Aerial Photography Field Office. Notation of change and highlights for each year was also derived from historical contracting sources at the Aerial Photography Field Office.Chemical, physical, profile and laboratory analysis oceanographic data were collected aboard the F. G. Walton Smith in the Gulf of Mexico from 2010-05-26 to 2010-06-02 in response to the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill event on April 20, 2010, by the Subsurface Monitoring Unit (SMU), which consisted of multiple government and corporate agencies. These data include CDOM fluorescence, Volatile Organic Compounds, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, hydrostatic pressure, salinity, sound velocity, temperature and water density. The instruments used to collect these data included CTD, bottle, fluorometer and oxygen meter along with other physical sampling devices. More specific information about each data set is located in their individual metadata records. The CTD data underwent preliminary quality assurance and control procedures at the National Coastal Data Development Center (NCDDC). This data set also contains products created for use in real time analysis and decision support. These products may include charts, graphs, maps, plots, and GIS formatted data files. The analytical chemistry data are provisional and provide results of onshore laboratory analysis of water and sediment samples. Cruise level information consisting of data management documents, cruise reports and plans, videos and pictures, and other miscellaneous documentation were gathered by the data managers. (NODC Accession 0069084)The data was created by digitizing range information from public and agency sources. These sources include OBIS the Ocean Biogeographic System (iobis.org), natural history guidebooks (National Audubon Society. 2002. Guide to Marine Mammals of the World), recovery and conservation plans, listing actions and status reports, and other agency sources. All resulting range polygons were then reviewed and approved by expert NMFS biologists specializing in the species and were finally approved by NMFS Office of Protected Resources management team. Range data include information on the range of all life stages. Offshore distances are approximate for some species as sampling and distribution information in deeper waters are often based on more limited and fragmentary evidence and studies.This dataset depicts the potential range of the species within the US Exclusive Economic Zone. Areas included may be used by only one or more life stages of the species so may not be occupied at all times or in all years or by all life stages. Common and/or other potential uses of this data set: Whenever Federal agencies authorize, fund, or carry out actions that may jeopardize the survival or recovery or affect listed critical habitat for an endangered species, they must consult with NMFS under Section 7 of the ESA. Federal agencies may not undertake, authorize or fund activities that are likely to adversely modify or destroy CH or jeopardize the continued existence of a species. If NMFS determines through consultation, that a proposed activity is likely to destroy or adversely modify critical habitat or jeopardize a species, it will work with the Federal agency to develop reasonable and prudent alternatives to the activity. These restrictions apply to those under U.S. jurisdiction in both the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone and on the high seas as well as to any project by a Federal agency worldwide. These range data may be used to help action agencies and other interested parties assess the potential for interactions with ESA listed species. The Marine Mammal Protection Act prohibits taking, possessing, or harassing all marine mammals by any person or vessel subject to U.S. jurisdiction on land, in the US Exclusive Economic Zone, and on the high seas. NMFS and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issue authorizations to take marine mammals for specific activities including research, incidental take, harvest by native Alaskans, public display and education facilities, and stranding and emergency response operations. Other provisions apply to commercial fishery interactions with marine mammals. These range data may be useful to any of the above stakeholder groups. Effects on any of these species may also need to be considered when action agencies fulfill their responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). These data may also be of assistance in that process. Data users can contact the NMFS Office of Protected Resources at (301) 713-1401 (Endangered Species) or (301) 713-2322 (Marine Mammal Protection Act) for further information or assistance.Location, type, mineralogy, name, and status for 900 occurrences of asbestiform minerals and fibrous amphiboles.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This bibliography is intended to provide scientists, managers, educational institutions (or students), and policy-makers with online access to current information on wetland restoration.N/AThis dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 10 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of the north shore of St. Croix (Buck Island), US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The Submarine Ring of Fire 2012 cruise will use the University of Bremen Quest 4000 remotely operated vehicle to locate, map and sample hydrothermal sites at seamounts and spreading centers in the Lau Basin. The sites were discovered by water column surveys, camera tows and prior dives with a remotely operated vehicle during cruises funded by NOAA, NSF and Nautilus Minerals Inc. in the past 8 years. They range in depth from ~750 to ~2600 m. We expect to visit 10 to 13 sites during the cruise. When the ROV is not in the water we will conduct other operations including multibeam surveys (with concurrent towed magnetometer, gravimeter, ADCP, and HDSS), CTD vertical and towed hydrocasts generally at locations close to the planned targets.N/AThe purpose of the Fisheries One-Stop-Shop (FOSS) is to make fisheries dependent information readily available to fisheries managers, scientists and the American public at a national as well as regional level. Collection and management of fisheries dependent data are distributed throughout NOAA Fisheries, State Fisheries, management agencies and regional Fisheries Information Networks (FINs). The distributed nature of NOAA Fisheries information systems, differences in collection authorities and confidentiality requirements increases the importance of this flexible technical architecture that can meet the changing needs for information at national, regional and local levels of resolution. At the same time, the technical architecture is scalable to meet enterprise wide requirements for management of other types of fisheries data and fisheries independent data. Currently available via FOSS are the summarized, non-confidential, annual Commercial Landings by state as provided through the Atlantic Coastal Cooperative Statistics Program (ACCSP), the Gulf of Mexico Fisheries Information Network (GulfFIN). Recreational Landings estimates are available and provided via NMFS Headquarters. In FY2011, FOSS will be expanded to include all commercial landings nationally.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of several RGB images that are collected by the CHARTS system. Individual images have been rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. An example file name is "2007_NCMP_NY_Ontario_01_RGB.tif." This file name convention is based on the year, project, area name, box number, and product type.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Public Airports (7387537d-dff6-48d1-9004-4f089f48dea1)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Information on National Wildlife Center research on Chronic Wasting Disease, a disease affecting the nervous system of elk, white-tailed deer and mule deer.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple MODAPS data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily MODAPS data products. This instance corresponds to the MOD03 data product. For service information see http://modaps.nascom.nasa.gov/services/. For product information see http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/dataprod/.Dataset shows generalized ship tracks of the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer during expeditions from 2008 to the present time. These cruises were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.DATORIUM at GESIS DATORIUM at GESIS DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.Water monitoring results, focused on wastewater compounds, human-health pharmaceutical compounds, hormones, and antibiotics in water, and waste indicators, hormones, and antibiotics in solids.The Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) operated the D/V GLOMAR CHALLENGER from 1968-1983, drilling 1,112 holes at 624 sites worldwide. The DSDP was funded by the US National Science Foundation and several foreign countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling (JOIDES), and was operated by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The DSDP data management group at SIO compiled a full suite of computerized marine geological and geophysical data files before they were disbanded in 1987, at which time the data files were transferred to NGDC and to the Ocean Drilling Program at Texas A University for distribution.In 1989, with support from, and in cooperation with, the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, Inc., U.S. Science Support Program, NGDC produced two compact discs (CDROM) containing all computerized DSDP data. In 2000, all but the logging and geophysical data were re-released as 1 CD-ROM with an HTML interface. Data are available for free online download. In 2007, the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP) transferred digital images of all core photographs and closeup core photographs in their collection to NGDC for archive. Due to their volume, these data are not available online, but are archived and available on request. The photo collections consists of 17,635 high-resolution TIFF files, volume 553.34 gigabytes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NRCS SSURGO Soils web feature service in NAD83 geographic. This is an Open GIS Consortium standard Web Feature Service (WFS).Snow overlays the majority of the Greenland Ice Sheet (GrIS). However, there is very little information available on the microbiological assemblages that are associated with this vast and climate-sensitive landscape. In this study, the structure and diversity of snow microbial assemblages from two regions of the western GrIS ice margin were investigated through the sequencing of small subunit ribosomal RNA genes. The origins of the microbiota were investigated by examining correlations to molecular data obtained from marine, soil, freshwater and atmospheric environments and geochemical analytes measured in the snow. Snow was found to contain a diverse assemblage of bacteria (Alphaproteobacteria, Betaproteobacteria and Gammaproteobacteria) and eukarya (Alveolata, Fungi, Stramenopiles and Chloroplastida). Phylotypes related to archaeal Thaumarchaeota and Euryarchaeota phyla were also identified. The snow microbial assemblages were more similar to communities characterized in soil than to those documented in marine ecosystems. Despite this, the chemical composition of snow samples was consistent with a marine contribution, and strong correlations existed between bacterial beta diversity and the concentration of Na+ and Cl. These results suggest that surface snow from western regions of Greenland contains exogenous microbiota that were likely aerosolized from more distant soil sources, transported in the atmosphere and co-precipitated with the snow. Citation: Karen A. Cameron, Birgit Hagedorn, Markus Dieser, Ronald Sletten, Byron Crump, Colleen Kellogg and Karen Junge (2014), Diversity and potential sources of microbiota associated with snow on western portions of the Greenland Ice Sheet, Environ. Microbiol., doi:10.1111/1462-2920.12446.Search jobs on Science CareersThe CLIMAP (Climate: Long-range Investigation, Mapping, and Prediction) Project was funded by the National Science Foundation as part of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE). Collection and analysis of cores for the 120K bp CLIMAP set was carried out by several institutions; data were compiled by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University. Data include micropaleontology, carbonate percentages, carbon 14 age dates, sea surface temperature estimates, and oxygen and carbon isotopic data for 52 ocean sediment cores. Data cover the period from 140,000 to 100,000 years before present and are global in extent. The CLIMAP 120k data are available for direct download via NCDC's Web server. The CLIMAP 120k data set was originally submitted to NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) for archive, but was subsequently transferred to NOAA's National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) Paleoclimatology Group for stewardship.Information about dive activities were recorded into the Cruise Information Management System (CIMS) by the NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration's data manager during the "Investigating the Charleston Bump 2003" expedition, August 2 through August 16, 2003. Information contained in CIMS includes submersible, remotely operated vehicle, autonomous underwater vehicle, and SCUBA operational information and a summary of scientific observations during each dive; ship activity information (positions, transits, and visitor shuttles); sample information; water column and bottom conditions; weather observations; sea state observations; education and outreach activity information; media event information; scientific instrumentation information; transect information; dive site profiles; and a record of all data collected by principal investigators. The data presented here are the tables from the original CIMS which is a FileMaker Pro database.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Reson 8101ER multibeam Data were collected between 13-15 October 2006 aboard NOAA Survey Launch Acoustic Habitat Investigator (AHI) Brooks Banks in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands during cruise AHI-06-12. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird SBE19 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time using tide zoning and predicted tides supplied by NOAA's National Ocean Service Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services (CO-OPS). Horizontal accuracy is 20m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from 30 - 150 m. The AHI was deployed from the NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai and concurrent mapping was done using the Simrad EM300 and EM3002D sonars aboard the ship; metadata for HI-06-12 are submitted separately.Academic Commons SearchSummarizes the expected value over the next decade of the 3D Elevation Program for this stateUSGS geographic information studies and data for the western United States.The UK EEZPrecipitation-monitoring network for mercury in Indiana.This image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin IslandsNOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were processed by the Hawaii Mapping Research Group (HMRG), University of Hawaii using the HAWAII MR1 Sidescan Sonar Software Suite. The data were corrected for angle varying gain, transmit power and pulse width. Electronic and acoustic noise, such as striping due to across track variations in amplitude and speckling due to transducer motion, were removed.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Geologic interpretive map showing areas of unstable slopes, Kitsap County, Washington, Open File Report 75-7. This map is intended for use by Kitsap County to designate potential landslide hazard areas. Naturally unstable slopes are potential landslide hazard areas. Potential landslide hazard areas present greater-than-normal risk of damage to buildings and injury to people. Therefore, plans for development in mapped unstable areas should include a geotechnical (engineering geology) on-site investigation which is completed prior to County approval of grading and foundation designs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geologic map of Idaho includes: map units contacts (lines), faults(lines), and map unit polygons. Geology compiled from more than 90 sources. Basement geology in central and north Idaho, compiled on Lambert conformal conic 1:750,000 base from 1976. Surficial geology for the entire state and bedrock and basement geology south of the Snake River and in southeast Idaho, compiled on shaded relief base derived from 10 m NED data. Downloadable Data not currently available.WMSpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWMSWMSThe MarClim project was partnership funded by country agencies, for the Marine Biological Association (MBA) to resurvey stations around the UK, where historical data existed. The project ran from 2001 to 2005, culminating in a number of scientific and country agency publications. Since 2005, CCW has continued working with the MBA, through a Memo of Agreement, to continue the work. In Wales, the survey covers 21 main stations, with additional stations used to track the shift in certain species distribution.Aberdeen University Research Archive Aberdeen University Research Archive DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Bathymetric data derived from a multipectral World View-2 satellite image mosaiced to provide near complete coverage of nearshore terrain around the islands. Bathymetry values shallower than ~20 m were derived by gauging the reletive attenuation of coastal, blue, green and yellow spectral radiance as a function of depth. A multiple linear regression analysis of coastal, blue, green and yellow band spectral values against depth determined the variables of y-intercept, coastal,blue, green and yellow slope values. Variables then used in multivariate slope intercept formula to derive depth. Variables were adjusted to improve the statistical accuracy and spatial coverage of the final derived bathymetry product. Digital image processing to derive depths conducted with the ENVI 4.8 software program while data editing and integration was performed using ArcGIS 10.1 This data set is for the shelf environment of Sarigan Island, Mariana.NWrWIC Search NWrWIC - Northwest Regional Women In ComputingPresents a wetland classification system that reflects seasonal, regional, and local variations in the environment.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemOnline report summarizing the economic analysis of the U.S. Geological Survey's 2002 petroleum assessment of the Federal lands in the National Petroleum Reserve Alaska (NPRA) study area.Wikimedia Usability Initiative (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This shapefile is an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing landmarks, land-use areas and key geographic locations.WMSPlots of streamflow averages and ground water depths for selected hydrologic sites in Pennsylvania.Data from Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) Subsurface Temperature Recorders (STR) provide a time series of water temperature at coral reef sites. Data is typically collected at 1800 second intervals for a duration of 2 years using a SBE39 Temperature Recorder (Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). When a STR is recovered, a new one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpUMD d-Commons UMD d-Commons RepositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Research and development efforts to improve our ability to provide scientific information needed by local beach managers faced with questions about environmental quality and possible beach closure or resource usage.These are polygon and raster data sets derived from 2002 Landsat Thematic Mapper Satellite Imagery that indicates areas of land and areas of water in Louisiana. The interface is for the entire state within a 10 mile buffer. There are 4 layers: a 3 acre filter layer, a 5 acre filter layer, a 25 acre filter layer, and a 1 acre filter raster layer.WMSDurchsuchen Sie die Debian-Website.This map service presents spatial information contained in the How to Use Land Cover Data as a Water Quality Indicator story map in the Web Mercator projection. NOAA provides the information as-is and shall incur no responsibility or liability as to the completeness or accuracy of this information. NOAA assumes no responsibility arising from the use of this information. For additional information, please contact the NOAA Office for Coastal Management (coastal.info@noaa.gov).Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Abstracts, program announcements and descriptions of projects funded by the external research program.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesDictionary of terms associated with earthquakes with simple definitions and photographs especially suited for students.Open Knowledge Foundation (en)Fish egg counts and standardized counts for eggs captured in CalCOFI icthyoplankton nets (primarily vertical [Calvet or Pairovet], oblique [bongo or ring nets], and surface tows [Manta nets]). Surface tows are normally standardized to count per 1,000 m3 strained. Oblique tows are normally standardized to count per 10 m2 of surface sampled. This table includes only tows where one or more eggs were captured for the species selected by the user, i.e., no \\\\"zero\\\\" tows. The \\\\"Egg Counts\\\\" table includes all tows by species, i.e., both positive and negative tows.NODC Accession 0115052 contains raw underway profile, meteorological, time series, navigational and physical data logged by the Scientific Computer System (SCS) aboard the NOAA Ship Henry B. Bigelow in the North Atlantic Ocean from 2013-03-14 to 2013-05-09. Office of Marine and Aviation Operations (OMAO) personnel aboard the ship submitted these data and associated metadata to NODC. In addition, NODC Accession 0115052 contains supplementary cruise-level metadata, which OMAO personnel logged in the Ship Daily Activity Log (SDAL). OMAO and NODC personnel developed the automated process to archive these data under the auspices of the NOAA Rolling Deck to Repository (NOAA R2R) program.WMSZooniverse Search Zooniverse - The Zooniverse BlogSanborn Map Company completed the original classification of the multiple return LiDAR of Berkeley County, South Carolina in 2009. In 2013, Dewberry was tasked with reviewing and updating the original LiDAR product. The nominal point spacing for this project is 1.4 meters. Dewberry used proprietary procedures to update and reclassify the LAS according to updated project specifications: 1-Unclassified, 2-Ground, 7-Noise,8- Model Key Points, 9-Water, 10-Ignored Ground, 13- Points removed from bridges and culverts. Dewberry updated 3D breaklines and combined these with the final LiDAR data to produce seamless hydro flattened DEMs for the 1,584 tiles (5000 ft x 5000 ft) that cover the project area.Hourly Precipitation Data (HPD) is digital data set DSI-3240, archived at the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC). The primary source of data for this file is approximately 5,500 US National Weather Service (NWS), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and cooperative observer stations in the United States of America, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and various Pacific Islands. The earliest data dates vary considerably by state and region: Maine, Pennsylvania, and Texas have data since 1900. The western Pacific region that includes Guam, American Samoa, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau have data since 1978. Other states and regions have earliest dates between those extremes. The latest data in all states and regions is from the present day. The major parameter in DSI-3240 is precipitation amounts, which are measurements of hourly or daily precipitation accumulation. Accumulation was for longer periods of time if for any reason the rain gauge was out of service or no observer was present.This image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were processed by the Hawaii Mapping Research Group (HMRG), University of Hawaii using the HAWAII MR1 Sidescan Sonar Software Suite. The data were corrected for angle varying gain, transmit power and pulse width. Electronic and acoustic noise, such as striping due to across track variations in amplitude and speckling due to transducer motion, were removed.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.N/AFact sheet on what "water quality" means, how it is determined, and the natural processes and human activities that affect it.The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) is the Federal standard for geographic nomenclature. The U.S. Geological Survey developed the GNIS for the U.S. Board on Geographic Names, a Federal inter-agency body chartered by public law to maintain uniform feature name usage throughout the Government and to promulgate standard names to the public. The GNIS is the official repository of domestic geographic names data; the official vehicle for geographic names use by all departments of the Federal Government; and the source for applying geographic names to Federal electronic and printed products of all types. See http://geonames.usgs.gov for additional information.Indiana's Statewide LiDAR data is produced at 1.5-meter average post spacing for all 92 Indiana Counties covering more than 36,420 square miles. New LiDAR data was captured except where previously captured LiDAR data exists, or the participating County bought-up to a higher resolution of 1.0-meter average post spacing LiDAR data. Existing LiDAR data exists for: Porter, Steuben, Noble, De Kalb, Allen, Madison, Delaware, Hendricks, Marion, Hancock, Morgan, Johnson, Shelby, Monroe, and portions of Vermillion, Parke, Vigo, Clay, Sullivan, Knox, Gibson, and Posey. These existing LiDAR datasets were seamlessly integrated into this new statewide dataset. From this seamless LiDAR product a statewide 5-foot post spacing hydro-flattened DEM product was created and is also available. See the FGDC Metadata provided for more details. This statewide project is divided into three geographic areas captured over a 3-year period (2011-2013):Area 1 (2011) Indiana central counties: St. Joseph, Elkhart, Starke, Marshall, Kosciusko, Pulaski, Fulton, Cass, Miami, Wabash, Carroll, Howard, Clinton, Tipton, Boone, Hendricks, Marion, Morgan, Johnson, Monroe, Brown, Bartholomew, Lawrence, Jackson, Orange, Washington, Crawford, and Harrison. Area 2 (2012) Indiana eastern counties: LaGrange, Steuben, Noble, DeKalb, Whitley, Allen, Huntington, Wells, Adams, Grant, Blackford, Jay, Hamilton, Madison, Delaware, Randolph, Hancock, Henry, Wayne, Shelby, Rush, Fayette, Union, Decatur, Franklin, Jennings, Ripley, Dearborn, Ohio, Scott, Jefferson, Switzerland, Clark, and Floyd. Area 3 (2013) Indiana western counties: Lake, Porter, LaPorte, Newton, Jasper, Benton, White, Warren, Tippecanoe, Fountain, Montgomery, Vermillion, Parke, Putnam, Vigo, Clay, Owen, Sullivan, Greene, Knox, Daviess, Martin, Gibson, Pike, Dubois, Posey, Vanderburgh, Warrick, Spencer, and Perry.Funders of OpenTopography Hosting of the Indiana Statewide LiDAR and DEM data: USDA NRCS, Indiana, ISPLS Foundation, Indiana Geographic Information Office, Indiana Office of Technology, Indiana Geological Survey, Surdex Corporation, Vectren Energy Delivery, Indiana, Woolpert, Inc., and Individual IGIC Member Donations from Jim Stout, Jeff McCann, Cele Morris, Becky McKinley, Phil Worrall, and Andy Nicholson.West Texas Digital Archives West Texas Digital Archives DSpace repositoryVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The study aimed to assess and map the delivery of key ecosystem services (ES) within the greater Severn estuary and Bristol Channel. The project aimed to provide a tool for stakeholders, regulators and the marine renewable industry to support decision making in the region. Identification of hotspots for key ES was intended to provide developers with an insight into locations with a high consenting risk.National-scale geochemical analysis of water samples in the US collected and analyzed under the National Uranium Resource Evaluation program.N/AInformation is provided about coastal impacts of Katrina, Rita, and Wilma and Satellite Imagery and other Geospatial Data, News Releases, Streamflow Conditions, publications and other resources.Information about basin storage, historical changes, and consumptive water use for manages and planners to use to develop policies for efficient and sustainable water use.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.Study of pesticides in shallow groundwater and surface water to help decision makers evaluate and manage pesticide application practices to protect drinking water resources, especially deeper, potable groundwater as well as aquatic species.WMSWMSThe McMath-Hulbert Observatory is a decommissioned solar observatory in Lake Angelus, Michigan, USA. It was established in 1929 as a private observatory by father and son Francis Charles McMath and Robert Raynolds McMath and their friend, Judge Henry Hulbert. In 1932 the observatory was deeded to the University of Michigan which operated it until 1981, at which time it was sold into private ownership again (Wikipedia). The daily sunspot drawings in this collection were prepared by professional observatory staff and provided to the NOAA National Geophysical Data Center as a member of the World Data Service for Geophysics, Boulder (formerly the World Data Center-A) for permanent archive and public distribution. The available data is from June 24, 1942 to December 31, 1960. Drawings are not available for all days presumably limited by viewing conditions (weather) and other factors. The original paper records were digitized through the NOAA Climate Data Modernization Program (CDMP). Users of these data are kindly requested to acknowledge the McMath-Hulbert Observatory and the NOAA National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC)Open Data | SocrataThe Q3 Flood Data are derived from the Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMS) published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The file is georeferenced to earth's surface using geographic projection and decimal degree coordinate system. The specifications for the horizontal control of Q3 Flood Data files are consistent with those required for mapping at a scale of 1:24000. The user is encouraged to refer to the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA SPECIFICATIONS' manual and the 'Q3 FLOOD DATA USERS GUIDE' for complete information on the technical details of the Q3 data, its attributes, its uses, and limitations.Link to PDF fact sheet describing the SEABASS system that collects seabed images and sediment samples in coastal regions.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Scientific DataThis high-resolution LiDAR survey covers an area of 209 km2 located 10 miles southwest of State College, Pennsylvania. The data collection was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and performed by the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping (NCALM) during peak leaf-on and leaf-off conditions in 2010 (July 2010 and December 2010, respectively). The dataset contains point cloud tiles in LAS format, 1 m Digital Surface Model (DSM) derived using first-stop points, 1 m Digital Elevation Model (DEM) derived using ground-class points and 1 m hill shade dataset derived from DEM. These datasets were used to estimate vegetation biomass and distributions, provide bare earth elevations, and to assist with prediction of Critical Zone creation and structure.The overall objective is to familiarize participating scientists with PISCES multibeam echosounder (Simrad ME70) configuration, operation, calibration and data collection and test the sonar's capabilities for a variety of applications. An additional objective is to collect water column and seafloor scattering data using PISCES multibeam echosounder and splitbeam echosounders (Simrad EK60) in coordination with measurements being conducted on OKEANOS EXPLORER using Simrad EM302 multibeam echosounder for comparison between systems.In May of 2006, scientists from the Alaska Fisheries Science Center participated in a pilot outreach program in Sand Point, Alaska. At the meetings, fishermen raised a number of concerns about the adequacy of walleye pollock (Theragra chalcogramma) assessment. The issues appeared to be related to the contrasting observational scales of fishermen and National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) scientists responsible for conducting assessment surveys and population modeling. NMFS resource assessment surveys have a large spatial scale (i.e., the entire Gulf of Alaska) and occur infrequently as they are biennial summer bottom trawl and acoustic-trawl surveys, with annual or biennial winter acoustic-trawl surveys targeting key spawning areas(von Szalay, et al. 2010; Guttormsen and Yasenak, 2007; Guttormsen and Jones, 2010). The stock assessment model for pollock estimates stock abundance for the central and western Gulf of Alaska (Dorn et al., 2011). In contrast, the observational scale of fishermen is spatially restricted but temporally extensive, since they are on the water fishing throughout the year. Fishermen questioned whether NMFS assessment activities were appropriately designed to monitor the status of pollock in their area. They noted that additional surveys in different seasons and a more comprehensive acoustic-trawl survey effort in winter could help address seasonal issues such as movement between spawning and feeding areas. Cooperative research projects with the Sand Point fishing community were identified as a potential approach for addressing some of these issues, but fishermen wanted the assurance that their investment of time and effort will lead to improvements in stock assessment. The acoustic-trawl surveys described in this report resulted from collaboration between NMFS scientists, the Aleutian East Borough, and local fishermen to address issues raised during the outreach program. Acoustic-trawl surveys were conducted from a local fishing vessel in the western Gulf of Alaska during 2007-2011. To some extent, the surveys carried out during this period reflected shifting program objectives. The initial objective was simply to demonstrate the feasibility of using local fishing vessels to conduct acoustic-trawl surveys and to collect acoustic and biological information sufficient to estimate walleye pollock biomass and spatial pattern. Once this was demonstrated, the focus of the project expanded to include other objectives. It is likely that the project will continue to evolve given continued funding for cooperative research. Specific objectives of the project were the following: Evaluate the feasibility of conducting acoustic-trawl surveys of pollock using local fishing vessels. Evaluate the quality of acoustic data collected from the Simrad ES60 echosounder. Evaluate the appropriateness of the design of the current NMFS acoustic-trawl surveys in the western Gulf of Alaska. Specific issues to be addressed included 1) transect density in bathymetrically complex regions in the western Gulf of Alaska, 2) day/night differences in pollock density, and 3) temporal variability of pollock density during replicate transects. Evaluate the timing of the NMFS survey (mid-February) in Sanak Trough by conducting a survey in January prior to the NMFS survey. Evaluate relationships between adult pollock density, young-of-the-year pollock density, euphausiid density, and the distribution of foraging humpback whales (Megaptera novaeangliae). This report summarizes the estimates of abundance and distribution of walleye pollock in areas covered by cooperative acoustic-trawl surveys conducted aboard a fishing vessel during alternate Septembers and Januarys between 2007-2011 . It also summarizes physical oceanographic and biological composition observations, initial findings from ancillary data collections of marine mammal observations, and dual-frequency differencing techniques to discriminate different types of acoustic backscThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to research projects that will improve the ability to detect, monitor, and predict the effects of invasive species, including exotic animals, on native ecosystems of the Pacific Southwest (California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona).WMSGreen Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSHIMALDOC Search on HIMALDOCdata.mo.gov | State of Missouri Data PortalDynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesDigital version of potential natural plant communites as compiled and published on 'Map of the Natural Vegetation of California' by A. W. Kuchler, 1976. Source map scale in 1:1,000,000. Attributes carried with digital version contain the map symbol for polygon delineations as shown on source map and description listing of map unit. These units are further described in California Native Plant Society Special Publication 9, 1988.Describes the USGS Urban Dynamics Research Program that studies landscape changes resulting from the growth of metropolitan regions over time.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.The Ocean Data Platform (ODP) is placed on the sea floor to measure water current profiles, waves, temperature and conductivity. The ODP consists of an upward looking acoustic doppler current profiler (ADP) (SonTek/YSI ADP, www.ysi.com) and a temperature/conductivity recorder (Model SBE37-SM, Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc., www.seabird.com). This metadata record refers to the SonTek ADP dataset. ADP sensors include three acoustic transducers, internal temperature sensor (temperature data automatically compensate for changes in sound speed), compass/tilt sensor (magnetic heading and 2-axis tilt) and a pressure sensor. When an ODP is recovered, another one is typically deployed in the same place. Time series data combining multiple deployments from a given site may also be available. Please contact CRED with any questions. For program information see the web site http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.phpLinks to laboratory capabilities within the USGS for paleomagnetism and paleomagnetic and rock magnetic procedures for dating and determination of magnetic direction and polarity in samples with links to techniques, equipment, and contacts.WMS implementation of Geochron Samples.The Gap Analysis Program (GAP) is an element of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). GAP helps to implement the Department of Interior?s goals of inventory, monitoring, research, and information transfer. GAP has three primary goals: 1 Identify conservation gaps that help keep common species common; 2 Provide conservation information to the public so that informed resource management decisions can be made; and 3 Facilitate the application of GAP data and analysis to specific resource management activities. To implement these goals, GAP carries out the following objectives: --Map the land cover of the United States --Map predicted distributions of vertebrate species for the U.S. --Map the location, ownership and stewardship of protected areas --Document the representation of vertebrate species and land cover types in areas managed for the long-term maintenance of biodiversity --Provide this information to the public and those entities charged with land use research, policy, planning, and management --Build institutional cooperation in the application of this information to state and regional management activities. GAP provides the following data and web services: The Protected Areas Database of the United States (PAD-US) is a geodatabase that illustrates and describes public land ownership, management and other conservation lands, including voluntarily provided privately protected areas. The PADUS GAP Status Layer web service can be found at http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/PADUS_Status/MapServer . The Land Cover Data creates a seamless data set for the contiguous United States from the four regional Gap Analysis Projects and the LANDFIRE project. The Raster data in both ArcGIS Grid and ERDAS Imagine format is available for download at http://gis1.usgs.gov/csas/gap/viewer/land_cover/Map.aspx . In addition to the raster datasets the data is available in Web Mapping Services (WMS) format for each of the six NVC classification levels (Class, Subclass, Formation, Division, Macrogroup, Ecological System) at the following links. http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Class_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Subclass_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Formation_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Division_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_NVC_Macrogroup_Landuse/MapServer http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/gap/GAP_Land_Cover_Ecological_Systems_Landuse/MapServer The GAP species range data show a coarse representation of the total areal extent of a species or the geographic limits within which a species can be found (Morrison and Hall 2002). The GAP species distribution models represent the areas where species are predicted to occur based on habitat associations. A full report documenting the parameters used in each species model can be found via: http://gis1.usgs.gov/csas/gap/viewer/species/Map.aspx Web map services for species distribution models can be accessed from: http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Birds http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Mammals http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Amphibians http://gis1.usgs.gov/arcgis/rest/services/NAT_Species_Reptiles A table listing all of GAP's available web map services can be found here: http://gapanalysis.usgs.gov/species/data/web-map-services/d15N and d13C isotopic ratios from multiple groundfish and groundfish prey samples collected on groundfish surveys and by fishery observers onboard commercial fishing vessels in the eastern Bering Sea, and Gulf of Alaska from 2006 through 2008 via NPRB project, NPRB.2006.22.Isotopes, and continued by AFSC.Storms bring rains strong enough to cause rock-falls and landslides that are hazardous to people. Includes examples in the eastern US with information about the weather events that precipitated the debris flows.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This part of DS 781 presents data for the acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Tomales Point map area, California. Backscatter data are provided as separate grids depending on mapping system or processing method. The raster data file is included in "BackscatterB_7125_OffshoreTomalesPoint.zip", which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreTomalesPoint/data_catalog_OffshoreTomalesPoint.html. The acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Tomales Point map area, California, was generated from backscatter data collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB), by Fugro Pelagos, and by the U.S. Geological Survey. Mapping was completed between 2004 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 234-kHz and 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus phase-differencing sidescan sonars. These mapping missions combined to collect backscatter data from about the 10-m isobath to beyond the 3-nautical-mile limit of California's State Waters. Within the acoustic-backscatter imagery, brighter tones indicate higher backscatter intensity, and darker tones indicate lower backscatter intensity. The intensity represents a complex interaction between the acoustic pulse and the seafloor, as well as characteristics within the shallow subsurface, providing a general indication of seafloor texture and composition. Backscatter intensity depends on the acoustic source level; the frequency used to image the seafloor; the grazing angle; the composition and character of the seafloor, including grain size, water content, bulk density, and seafloor roughness; and some biological cover. Harder and rougher bottom types such as rocky outcrops or coarse sediment typically return stronger intensities (high backscatter, lighter tones), whereas softer bottom types such as fine sediment return weaker intensities (low backscatter, darker tones). These data are not intended for navigational purposes.ROS ROS DSpace repositoryThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSAstrodocs (en)A Digital Elevation Model (DEM) contains a series of elevations ordered from south to north with the order of the columns from west to east. The DEM is formatted as one ASCII header record (A-record), followed by a series of profile records (B-records) each of which include a short B-record header followed by a series of ASCII integer elevations per each profile. The last physical record of the DEM is an accuracy record (C-record). The 7.5-minute DEM (10- by 10-m data spacing, elevations in decimeters) is cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM) projection (the quads UTM zone can be found in the header record (Record A)) in the North American Datum of 1927. It provides coverage in 7.5- by 7.5-minute blocks. Each product provides the same coverage as a standard USGS 7.5-minute quadrangle, but overedges are published as separate DEM files. Coverage is available for all quads completely contained within New York State, plus some additional ones falling along the borders and containing significant area of the State's land.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (AKA towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 13 towboard surveys (totaling 26.38 km in length) were conducted at Rose in American Samoa from 2010-02-17 to 2010-03-23 as part of RAMP Cruise HA1001. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., crown of thorns sea stars, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish diver and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15 m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (greater than 50 cm total length) seen within 5 m either side and 10 m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including crown of thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15-second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5-second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15-second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. The goal of the work was to develop coral reef mapping methods and compare benthic habitat maps generated by photointerpreting georeferenced color aerial photography, hyperspectral and IKONOS satellite imagery. The cost effectiveness of acquisition and processing of remotely sensed imagery varies significantly between types of platforms deployed and imaging systems used to acquire the data. As a result, it is important to identify the strengths and weaknesses of the map products prepared from each of the types of digital imagery. These Accuracy Assessment point data were generated to assess the accuracy of the individual maps created from the three types of source information.Testing showed that the ability to generate benthic habitat maps with an overall accuracy of 90% to 95% confidence interval is reaching a threshold using imagery with three meter pixel size allowing for spectral enhancement of the imagery with reduced resolution. Increasing the intensity of field observation can partially compensate for this decrease in accuracy of the maps generated from the largest pixels. Habitat maps prepared from IKONOS satellite imagery should be accompanied by field observation wherever possible.WMSFile contains data presented by Shen et al. (1992a). Table includes d18O, d13C, Cd/Ca, Mn/Ca, and Ba/Ca data from a 2m coral head and, for comparison, SST records from Academy Bay (Galapagos; 0 deg 40 min S, 90 deg 20 min W). All coral measurements derive from the same samples, which were treated as described in Shen et al. (1992a). Stable isotopes were measured at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory by J. Cole and R. Fairbanks on a Finnigan MAT-251 mass spectrometer with automated Carousel-48 carbonate device; values are in standard per mil notation relative to PDB. Cd/Ca and Mn/Ca were measured at the University of Washington by G. Shen and L. Linn on a Hitachi Z-9000 multichannel atomic absorption spectrophotometer. Ba/Ca was measured at the University of California/Santa Barbara by D. Lea on a VG Elemental PQ2+ inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometer. Measurement precisions are as follows: 0.08 d18O; 0.04 d13C; 9.8% for Cd/Ca; 6.6% for Mn/Ca; 1% for Ba/Ca. Ages for samples were assigned on the basis of well-defined density banding, assuming that the base of the dense band corresponds to February and that extension rates between these points are linear. Coral measurements were made at quarterly resolution. SST records were averaged from monthly resolution to quarterly based on the following 3-month groupings: Feb-Mar-April, May-June-July, Aug-Sep-Oct, and Nov-Dec-Jan.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Version 2 of the GOES Surface and Insolation Products (GSIP) is a high spatial resolution (1/8 x 1/8 degrees) solar radiation product estimated from the GOES-East and -West Imager radiance measurements hourly for the Extended Northern Hemisphere scan sector and every three hours for the Full Disk scan sector. The products contain upwelling and downwelling shortwave (0.2-4.0 micrometers) and visible (0.4-0.7 micrometers) radiative fluxes at the top of the atmosphere and at the surface, cloud fraction and skin temperature. In addition to these primary products, cloud phase, visible cloud optical depth, outgoing longwave radiation, as well as derived byproducts (composite clear and cloudy reflectances) and ancillary data (total column amounts of water vapor and ozone) are also included. Compared with the earlier GSIP-CONUS product, the new GSIP products offer an improved accuracy and higher resolution insolation data for domains covering portions of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. These improvements offer better estimates of coral bleaching and provide the high-resolution data needed for validation and forcing of Numerical Weather Prediction (NWP) surface physics.The NEFSC Atlantic herring acoustic survey is a fisheries independent survey that provides scientific data for Atlantic herring assessments in the U.S. mid-Atlantic and New England regions. The survey is conducted in the fall on pre-spawning and spawning herring primarily in the Georges Bank region, but with other historical sites in the Gulf of Maine surveyed. The survey is a systematic design with parallel transects oriented perpendicular to bathymetric features. Midwater trawl sites are selected on an ad hoc basis to sample acoustic backscatter attributed to Atlantic herring as well as backscatter by other organisms. The primary gear is multifrequency Simrad echosounders, but midwater trawl, CTD, and a host of other scientific sensor data are collected ancillary to the acoustic data.These GIS files represent geographic boundaries for lands that are under the protection of NYS Agricultural District Law, administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets. The boundaries are derived from county tax parcel data and represent a tax parcel list of agricultural district properties. The data are digitized from 1:24,000 scale maps of individual districts showing boundaries that correspond to tax parcel data. District data is joined into a file representing an entire county. Note that 2003 legislation allows lands to be added to districts on an annual basis. Electronic data provided here may predate those additions. Tax parcel detail and secondary rights-of-way are not included in this dataset. Rights-of-way for state and federal highways, railroads and utilities are only included when they are delineated on the original 1:24,000 scale maps. The data files are in ArcInfo 9.1 export file format.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesWMSVisual monitoring of the sea bed adjacent to the fish farm.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.GPS measurements made since 1996 seem to show this earthquake-prone area slowing down. Is it time to relax? Scientists who studied these data in detail say no, and this fact sheet explains why.CTD (Conductivity, Temperature, Depth) casts from the NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer during expeditions from 2009 to the present time. These cruises were sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration and Research.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.USGS water resources home page for Louisiana with detailed hydrologic studies and real-time and long-term data for streamflow, ground and surface water, water quality, and water supply with publications, contacts, and current conditions.Monthly global soil moisture, runoff, and evaporation data sets produced by the Leaky Bucket model at 0.5 0.5 resolution for the period from 1948 to the present. The land model is a one?layer bucket water balance model, while the driving input fields are Climate Prediction Center monthly global precipitation over land, which uses over 17,000 gauges worldwide, and monthly global temperature from GHCN-CAMS (Fan and Van den Dool 2008). The output consists of global monthly soil moisture, evaporation, and runoff, starting from January 1948. A distinguishing feature of this data set is that all fields are updated monthly, which greatly enhances utility for near real time purposes. Data validation shows that the land model does well; both the simulated annual cycle and interannual variability of soil moisture are reasonably good against the limited observations in different regions. Refer to these papers: Fan, Y. and H. van den Dool (2004), Climate Prediction Center global monthly soil moisture data set at 0.5 resolution for 1948 to present, J. Geophys. Res., 109, D10102, doi:10.1029/2003JD004345. Fan, Y. and H. van den Dool (2008), A global monthly land surface air temperature analysis for 1948present, J. Geophys. Res., 113, D01103, doi:10.1029/2007JD008470.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.NODC Accession 0118769 contains oceanographic and surface meteorological data in netCDF formatted files, which follow the Climate and Forecast metadata convention (CF) and the Attribute Convention for Data Discovery (ACDD). FIT collected the data from their in-situ moored station named sispnj in the Coastal Waters of Florida and North Atlantic Ocean. SECOORA, which assembles data from FIT and other sub-regional coastal and ocean observing systems of the southeast United States, submitted the data to NODC as part of NODC's Integrated Ocean Observing System Data Assembly Centers (IOOS DACs) Data Stewardship Program. Each month, NODC adds to the Accession the data collected during the previous month.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 16 towboard surveys (33.60 km in length), were conducted at Saipan during the Marianas RAMP Cruise HA1101 from 20110407 to 20110509. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., Crown of Thorns sea stars, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15 m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (greater than 50 cm total length) seen within 5 m either side and 10 m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15-second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5-second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 5-second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.SRUCWMSFire Station Locations in Kansas Any location where fire fighters are stationed at or based out of, or where equipment that such personnel use in carrying out their jobs is stored for ready use. Fire Departments not having a permanent location are included, in which case their location has been depicted at the city/town hall or at the center of their service area if a city/town hall does not exist. This dataset includes those locations primarily engaged in forest or grasslands fire fighting, including fire lookout towers if the towers are in current use for fire protection purposes. This dataset includes both private and governmental entities. Fire fighting training academies are also included. TGS verified the name, physical street address, city, state, five digit zip code, phone number, and location through phone contact. No other state provided information was verified. Text fields in this dataset have been set to all upper case to facilitate consistent database engine search results. All diacritics (e.g. the German umlaut or the Spanish tilde) have been replaced with their closest equivalent English character to facilitate use with database systems that may not support diacritics. The currentness of this dataset is indicated by the [CONTDATE] attribute. Based upon this attribute, the oldest record dates from 10/16/2006 and the newest record dates from 11/10/2006.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Map quadrangle boundaries at the 1:250,000 scale for the conterminous US were taken from the GIRAS data originally produced by EPA in the late 1970s.Links to Columbia Environmental Research Center online databases with text, data, and metadata on toxicity, Missouri River, biomonitoring of environmental status and trends, contaminants, and sediments.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This dataset is one of a collection of three land cover maps of the Willamette Valley of Oregon, USA, depicting 4 habitat classes: wet with <= 50% vegetation cover (class 1), wet with >50% vegetation (class 2), dry with <= 50% vegetation (class 3), dry with >50% vegetation (class 4). Land cover maps were derived by classifying signatures from C-band (5.6 cm wavelength), HH-polarized radar remote sensing (RADARSAT) data collected at a 38 degree incidence angle (8-m resolution). The data are in the form of an ERDAS Imagine image.NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) is building high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) to support individual coastal States as part of the National Tsunami Hazard Mitigation Program's (NTHMP) efforts to improve community preparedness and hazard mitigation. These integrated bathymetric-topographic DEMs are used to support tsunami and coastal inundation mapping. Bathymetric, topographic, and shoreline data used in DEM compilation are obtained from various sources, including NGDC, the U.S. National Ocean Service (NOS), the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and other federal, state, and local government agencies, academic institutions, and private companies. DEMs are referenced to various vertical and horizontal datums depending on the specific modeling requirements of each State. For specific datum information on each DEM, refer to the appropriate DEM documentation. Cell sizes also vary depending on the specification required by modelers in each State, but typically range from 8/15 arc-second (~16 meters) to 8 arc-seconds (~240 meters).powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationHistoric Marine Geologic data reports available are from academia, government, and non-U.S. sources. These reports were originally in paper or film form and were scanned to Portable Document Format (PDF) to enable online browse/download and archive in digital form. The following are examples of the types of analyses of sediment or rock from the ocean floor or lakebeds worldwide which may be included in individual data reports: descriptions of composition and/or lithology, grain size and other physical properties, mineralogy, geochemistry, paleontology, petrology, paleomagnetism and acoustics of sediment. They may also contain low-resolution photographs of cores or dredges, or the ocean floor. Reports are searchable via the Marine Geology Digital Inventory and may also be linked to/discoverable via the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples (IMLGS). Scanned images of most paper data reports are available to view online, however, some Copyrighted reports contributed through the World Data Center System are available for on-site inspection only. For these reports, the geologic inventory provides links to the contributing institution for ordering.IPR Holder: Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute (AFBI); Purpose: Scientific Research; IHO Sea: Inner Seas off the West Coast of Scotland - 18; Survey Start: 2007-05-18; Survey End: 2007-05-19; Primary Instrument Type: Echosounder - multibeam; Primary Navigation Type: Not Known; Information: AFBI in association with Environmental Science Research Institute (ESRI);The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.N/AThis georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.WellLogs in the state of CaliforniaPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Discussion and diagrams on plate tectonics and the structure of the Earth for beginners with link to a detailed version: This Dynamic Earth for more information.The CLAVR-1 cloudmask (Stowe, 1999) is used to cloudmask AVHRR high resolution sea surface temperature products. The cloudmask runs a series of tests on each surface temperature pixel to determine whether the pixel is contaminated by cloud cover. Users may evaluate which specific tests in the cloudmask returned positive cloud presence results by examining the value of the cloudmask. This value corresponds to an 8 bit binary number which details which tests flagged the pixel as a cloudy pixel. See http://coastwatch.pfel.noaa.gov/info/CLAVR.html for more information regarding the specific tests used in the cloudmask.WMSHabitat maps of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were created by visual interpretation of aerial photographs using the Habitat Digitizer Extension. Aerial photographs are valuable tools for natural resource managers and researchers since they provide an excellent record of the location and extent of habitats. However, spatial distortions in aerial photographs due to such factors as camera angle, lens characteristics, and relief displacement must be accounted for during analysis to prevent incorrect measurements of area, distance, and other spatial parameters. These distortions of scale within an image can be removed through orthorectification. During orthorectification, digital scans of aerial photos are subjected to algorithms that eliminate each source of spatial distortion. The result is a georeferenced digital mosaic of several photographs with uniform scale throughout the mosaic. Features near land are generally georeferenced with greater accuracy while the accuracy of features away from land is generally not as good. Where no land is in the original photographic frame only kinematic GPS locations and image tie points were used to georeference the images. After the orthorectified mosaics were created, photointerpreters were able to accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. This layer depicts 38 UNESCO/TNC based landcover categories for the State of Arkansas, which were derived from a digital classification of Landsat Thematic Mapper (TM) imagery, mostly from 1992, aggregated to a minimum mapping unit of 10 hectares. Categories: 1, T.1.A.9.b.I, Pinus echinata, shortleaf pine 2, T.1.A.9.b.II, Pinus taeda, loblolly pine 3, T.1.A.9.c.I, Juniperus virginiana, eastern red cedar 4, T.1.B.2.b.II, Quercus spp. - Pinus echinata - Carya spp., oak - shortleaf pine - hickory 5, T.1.B.2.b.III, Pinus taeda - Pinus echinata - Quercus spp., loblolly pine - shortleaf pine - oak 6, T.1.B.2.b.IV, Juniperus virginiana, eastern red cedar 7, T.1.B.3.a.I, Fagus grandifolia, american beech 8, T.1.B.3.a.II, Quercus alba, white oak - mixed hardwoods 9, T.1.B.3.a.III, Quercus rubra - Quercus spp., northern red oak - oak 10, T.1.B.3.a.IV, Quercus falcata - Quercus spp., southern red oak - oak 11, T.1.B.3.a.V, Quercus stellata, post oak 12, T.2.A.2.b.I, Juniperus virginiana - Quercus spp., eastern red cedar - oak 13, T.2.B.3.a.I, Pinus echinata - Quercus spp., shortleaf pine - oak 14, T.2.B.3.a.II, Juniperus ashei - Quercus spp., white cedar - oak 15, T.2.B.4.a.I, Quercus spp. - Carya texana, oak - black hickory 16, T.4.B.3.a.II, Mixed shrub species, mixed shrub 17, T.5.A.1.a.I, Mesic Prairie, tall mesic prairie 18, P.1.B.3.c.I, Quercus lyrata, overcup oak 19, P.1.B.3.c.II, Carya aquatica, water hickory 20, P.1.B.3.c.III, Quercus falcata var. pagodifolia, cherrybark oak 21, P.1.B.3.c.IV, Celtis laevigata, sugarberry 22, P.1.B.3.c.V, Quercus nuttallii, nutall oak 23, P.1.B.3.c.VII, Quercus phellos, willow oak 24, P.1.B.3.c.VIII, Liquidambar styraciflua, sweetgum 25, P.1.B.3.d.I, Taxodium distichum, baldcypress - mixed hardwoods 26, P.1.B.3.d.I.1.a., Taxodium distichum, baldcypress 27, P.1.B.3.d.II, Nyssa, tupelo - gum 28, P.5.A.4.a.I, Tall grass, tall prairie (moist to wet) 29, P.5.A.4.b.III, Arundinaria gigantea, tall prairie (disturbed) 30, R.1.B.3.c.I, Salix - Populus, willow - cottonwood 31, R.1.B.3.c.II, Betula - Platanus - Acer, birch - sycamore - maple 32, R.6.A.1.a.I, Bare, bare 33, W, Water, water 34, AGW, Agriculture, Agricluture (wet crops) 35, AGD, Agriculture, Agriculture (dry crops) 36, AGP, Agriculture, Agriculture (pasture) 37, URC, Urban, Urban Commercial-Industrial 38, URR, Urban, Urban ResidentialMaps and information about potential spread of avian influenza in migratory birds in Alaska. Includes descriptions and photos of the waterfowl that are being monitored.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.These ESRI shape files are of National Park Service tract and boundary data that was created by the Land Resources Division. Tracts are numbered and created by the regional cartographic staff at the Land Resources Program Centers and are associated to the Land Status Maps. This data should be used to display properties that NPS owns and properties that NPS may have some type of interest such as scenic easements or right of ways.The Magnetic Field Properties Calculator will computes the estimated values of Earth's magnetic field(declination, inclination, vertical component, northerly component, easterly component, horizontal intensity, or total intensity), for a specific location, elevation and date or range of dates based on the current International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF). The calculated result is a grid that contains the calculated component and the annual change of the component over the geographical area specified. WDeclination is calculated using the current World Magnetic Model (WMM) or International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF) model. While results are typically accurate to 30 minutes of arc, users should be aware that several environmental factors can cause disturbances in the magnetic field.There are 30 habitat and zone PDF products. This project is a cooperative effort between the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, the United States Geological Survey, the National Park Service, and the National Geophysical Data Center, to produce benthic habitat maps and georeferenced imagery for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This project was conducted in support of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force. Twenty-one distinct benthic habitat types within eight zones were mapped directly into a GIS system using visual interpretation of orthorectified aerial photographs. Benthic features were mapped that covered an area of 1600 km^2. In all, 49 km^2 of unconsolidated sediment, 721 km^2 of submerged vegetation, 73 km^2 of mangroves, and 756 km^2 of coral reef and colonized hardbottom were mapped.The goal of this project is to quantify, at the National scale, the relative susceptibility of the Nation's coast to sea-level rise through the use of a coastal vulnerability index (CVI). This initial classification is based upon the variables geomorphology, regional coastal slope, tide range, wave height, relative sea-level rise and shoreline erosion and accretion rates. The combination of these variables and the association of these variables to each other furnish a broad overview of regions where physical changes are likely to occur due to sea-level rise.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesThe Learn to Ski and Snowboard Program is a national snowsports initiative to encourage new people to try skiing and snowboardingy.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.A program of studies with instruments to provide accurate and timely data and information on seismic events, including their effects on buildings and structures, employing modern monitoring methods and technologies.LEOs Franz sisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch Verwenden Sie LEOs Franz sisch-Deutsch Online W rterbuch um einzelne W rter oder Phrasen vom Franz sischen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt) zu bersetzen.Following annual ship shakedown and patch tests, EX1301 will complete the comprehensive mapping of the Northeast canyons and the adjacent continental shelf carried out by the cruises involved in the Atlantic Canyons Undersea Mapping Expeditions (ACUMEN) 2012 project.This paper reports on a methodology that is used with estimates of undiscovered copper resources to evaluate the likely contribution that the predicted resources will make to mineral supplies in the foreseeable future.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.MICRA (en)The USGS Transportation service from The National Map (TNM) is based on TIGER/Line data provided through U.S. Census Bureau and supplemented with HERE road data to create tile cache base maps. Some of the TIGER/Line data includes limited corrections done by USGS. Transportation data consists of roads, railroads, trails, airports, and other features associated with the transport of people or commerce. The data include the name or route designator, classification, and location. Transportation data support general mapping and geographic information system technology analysis for applications such as traffic safety, congestion mitigation, disaster planning, and emergency response. The National Map transportation data is commonly combined with other data themes, such as boundaries, elevation, hydrography, and structures, to produce general reference base maps. The National Map viewer allows free downloads of public domain transportation data in either Esri File Geodatabase or Shapefile formats. For additional information on the transportation data model, go to http://nationalmap.gov/transport.html.Access to Forest and Rangeland Ecosystem Science Center fact sheets on fish, fish diseases, aquatic resources, and other projects and activities.Using a geology-based assessment methodology, we estimated mean volumes of 2.32 billion barrels of oil, 14.65 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and 391 million barrels of natural gas liquids.This dataset contains a 5 m ESRI Grid representing the slope (in degrees) of selected portions of seafloor around Abrir La Sierra Bank in Puerto Rico, derived from data collected in 2007. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in Puerto Rico from 4/14/07 to 4/24/07. Data was acquired with a Reson 8124 (200 kHz) multibeam echosounder and with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 (95 kHz) multibeam echosounder. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 19 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9.x using an XYZ to raster tool. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.IOC Photo LibrarySCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Climate Data Records (CDR) for Channel 7 contains Radio Occulation (RO) calibrated brightness temperatures from AMSU-A channel 7 measurements at 54.9 GHz from 2001 through present on a 2.5 degree grid. Data are partitioned into yearly files with monthly variables, where each file contains RO-calibrated channel 7 brightness temperatures from AMSU-A measurements from NOAA-15, 16, 17, 18, 19, NASA AQUA and Metop-A. The dataset uses version 2010.2640 of the RO mission data from the UCAR COSMIC Data Analysis and Archival Center (CDAAC), the NOAA archive of the Level 1b AMSU dataset, and the NASA DAAC archive of the Aqua Level 1B dataset. The RO satellites measure the bending angle of GPS signals as they pass through the atmosphere. Temperature profiles are derived from these GPS bending angles from the COSMIC and CHAMP data from 2001 through present. Calibration coefficients are calculated from coincident measurements of AMSU channel 7 brightness temperatures and corresponding values derived from an AMSU forward model applied to temperature profile measurements from RO identified radiosondes. The monthly calibration coefficients are applied to adjust the AMSU Temperature Troposphere Stratosphere (TTS) measurements for each polar orbiter to the temperature profiles from the RO identified Radiosonde Observations (RAOBs). The calibrated AMSU measurements are then combined into gridded monthly values. From these the climatology is calculated using 12 years of data. Anomaly values are then obtained by subtracting this climatology from the monthly values.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.All about the X10 language.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.LANDSURVEY_TOWNSHIPS_POLY_IN is a 1:24,000-scale polygon shapefile with a projection of Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM) North American Datum (NAD) 1983 zone 16.Examples of the use of volcanic energy in geothermal power plants.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific Collaborationpowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationJoomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemPacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.The AGIO is responding to a request from the GIS Board to coordinate lidar data development in an effort to reduce duplication of effort. The AGIO has been coordinating with US Army COE, FEMA, NRCS and USGS to determine where publically funded lidar exist within the state of Arkansas. This file represents geographic footprints that detail the availability of lidar data and the points of contact. Note: Availabity means complete, contracted or planned for the purpose of this effort.Combining these areas, we estimated 3,534 million barrels of crude oil, 79,352 billion cubic feet of natural gass, and 1,679 million barrels of natural gas liquids using a geology-based assessment methodology.The USGS_EROS_Ortho_1Foot_SCALE service from The National Map contains 1 foot orthoimagery, and is viewable at scales inside 1:13,500..N/Apowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationDescription and photos related to the Picher Mining District in Oklahoma, once a primary U.S. source of lead and zinc and now the largest superfund site in the U.S. with millions of cubic yards of mine tailings (locally known as "chat") remaining.Bathymetry of Lakes Michigan, Erie, Saint Clair, Ontario and Huron has been compiled as a component of a NOAA project to rescue Great Lakes lake floor geological and geophysical data and make it more accessible. Lake Superior bathymetry partially completed. The present contours and grids have been partially derived and completely compiled here at NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) using a variety of sources of data including the NOS Hydrographic data base and the Canadian Hydrographic Service (CHS) smooth sheets. This project is a cooperative effort between investigators at the NGDC, the NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory and the Canadian Hydrographic Service. Bathymetric data used for this project have been collected from the Great Lakes in support of nautical charting for at least 150 years by the US Army Corp. of Engineers (before 1970), the NOAA National Ocean Service (after 1970), and the CHS.Edinburgh Research Archive Edinburgh Research Archive DSpace repositoryPerl Programming DocumentationLinks to maps of breeding distributions of bird species on grasslands and shrublands in the northern Great Plains. Maps can also be downloaded from *.zip files in HTML format.N/AInformation and links to USGS and other Federal agency monitoring and research concerning the hypoxic zone in the northern Gulf of Mexico occurring along the Louisiana-Texas coast.The Bathymetry of North America map layer shows depth ranges using colors. The image was derived from the National Geophysical Data Center's ETOPO2 elevation data, which is an elevation database gridded at 2-minute resolution, containing elevation and bathymetry for the world. The image was produced from the October 2001 data set.The Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) compiled data on the geochemistry of marine ferromanganese nodules, funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF), as part of the International Decade of Ocean Exploration (IDOE). Data were collected under the Manganese Nodule (MNNOD) and Deep Ocean Mining Environmental Studies (DOMES) programs. This SIO compilation includes data from 442 dredge and grab samples and 419 cores collected at 861 sea floor locations worldwide. Additional, non-IDOE, data compiled by SIO are not included. Data were abstracted by SIO staff from the literature, and other sources, including personal communications. The five files include data sources, latitude/longitude, sampling device, water depth, nodule type, weight percentages of selected elements, and bibliographic references. These data are also available as part of the NGDC marine minerals database and corresponding NOAA & MMS Marine Minerals CDROM data set released by NGDC in 1992.These data are part of the Brine Disposal Program funded by NOAA in the US Gulf of Mexico, conducted by R. W. Hann of Texas A and M University. Data in the report represent grain size analyses conducted by TAMU for 230 grabs collected by multiple cruises of the Lady Gloria in the Gulf of Mexico from October 2 - 16, 1982.Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.California Healthcare Workforce Catalog. The data were developed by the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development's (OSHPD) Healthcare Workforce Development Division (HWDD).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This data set contains bathymetry, magnetic, gravity and seismic shot point navigation data collected during marine cruises from 1939 to the present. Coverage is worldwide. These data are stored in the MGD77 exchange format and are available for download in a variety of user selectable formats. One Header record and multiple Data records are available for a particular cruise/leg (port to port operation). The Header record documents both the content and the structure of the subsequent Data records, containing that part of the data that remains invariant throughout the cruise. The Data records present geophysical data (bathymetry, magnetics and gravity) and seismic information (shot-point identification) with a corresponding time and position. Documentation that varies within the cruise is also included with the data records. Data are fully searchable on-line by geographic area, year of cruise, institution, platform, cruise, date or data type.Three orthogonal flux-gate magnetometer elements, (spinning twin fluxgate magnetometer prior to GOES-8) provide magnetic field measurements in three mutually perpendicular components: HP, HE and HN. HP is perpendicular to the satellite's orbital plane. HE lies parallel to the satellite-Earth center line and points earthward. HN is perpendicular to both HP and HE, and points westward for GOES-4 and earlier satellites, and eastward for later spacecraft.The Synchronous Meteorological Satellites (SMS-1 and SMS-2) and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites (GOES-1, GOES-2, etc.) all carry on board the Space Environment Monitor (SEM) instrument subsystem. The SEM has provided magnetometer, energetic particle, and soft X-ray data continuously since July 1974. Geosynchronous satellites have an unobstructed view of the sun for all but the few dozen hours per year when the Earth eclipses the sun. You can identify these intervals as gaps in the X-ray data near satellite local midnight in March-April, and September-October.The volume of these data makes it impossible to issue a guarantee as to the quality of each and every data point. Users should be suspicious of 'spikes' in the data and attempt to correlate them with other sources before assuming that they represent the space environment. The time of these observations has not been corrected for the down-link and preprocessing delay which is within 1 - 5 seconds.Six elements with human-health concerns were detected at high concentrations: arsenic, boron, fluoride, molybdenum, strontium, and vanadium. Lead was present at moderate concentrations.This data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol. This data set utilized 29 full or partial Quickbird multispectral scenes which were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on the island of Oahu.A report published jointly by the U.S. Bureau of Mines and U.S. Geological Survey giving definitions of coal resource classification terms.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesPC is an index for magnetic activity in the (P)olar (C)ap. It is based on data from a single nearpole station, and aimed to monitor the polar cap magnetic activity generated by such solar wind parameters as the southward component of the interplanetary magnetic field (IMF), the azimuthal component of the IMF (By), and the solar wind velocity v. The station Thule, located in the village Qaanaaq in Greenland at 86.5 degrees geomagnetic invariant latitude, fulfills the requirement of being close to the magnetic pole in the northern hemisphere. The station Vostok at 83.3 degrees does the same in the southern hemisphere. The PC index is derived independently for these two stations. The PC-index is based on an idea by Troshichev et al. (1979) and developed in papers by Troshichev and Andrezem (1985), ennerstrom et al. (1991). Earlier data for 1975-1982 appear in Troshichev et al. (1991). The data from 1975 to the present are published in Report UAG-103, available from the National Geophysical Data Center.General permit #1 for storm water discharges associated with industrial facilities in Iowa for the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) program.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Filaments are formed in magnetic loops that hold relatively cool, dense gas suspended above the surface of the Sun (David Hathaway/NASA)State of New York | Open DataWill salt marshes survive if sea level rises quickly? The answer depends on whether the areas surrounding them can allow salt marsh fauna and flora to migrate there. Local topography, both natural and manmade, is the main factor limiting this migration.A group of eight intertidal creeks with high densities of oysters, Crassostrea virginica, in North Inlet Estuary, South Carolina, USA were studied using a replicated BACI (Before - After Control - Incident) design in which all creeks are sampled simultaneously. The study known as the CREEK Project began in January 1996. Based on preliminary geomorphological observations of North Inlet creeks, by fall of 1996, eight creeks similar in size and configuration were selected for the study. Geomorphological observations were made in four stages ranging from general to detailed: 1) a general reconnaissance and the selection of the eight creeks, 2) Chris Corbett and Leroy Humphries conducted detailed survey of the internal geomorphology of the selected eight creeks using GIS equipment, 3) Leah Gregory produced a oyster reef map and oyster biomass determination, and 4) Dennis Allen measured and classified all creek bottoms (referred to as Internal Creek Habitat Survey). In January 1997, after the first three stages were complete, oysters were added or removed from each creek to equalize oyster biomass at 8 grams dry body weight per cubic meter of bank full water volume in each creek. This stage of the project is referred to as the "pre-manipulation" period where all creeks have the same amount of oyster biomass. Sampling of water and nekton began in March 1997. In February 1998, about one year after the first set of water quality, chemistry, nekton and other measurements were made, living oysters were removed from four of the eight creeks (creeks 1, 4, 5, and 8), resulting in zero dry body weight per cubic meter of water at bank full volume. This was done to investigate the role of oyster reefs in controlling levels of dissolved and particulate materials in the water and to evaluate relationships between living oysters and nekton in the creeks. During the year following oyster removal, all measurements made in the first year were repeated. The second year of the project during which four of the creeks were without oyster biomass was known as the "manipulation" stage. The BACI analysis was used to compare data between the two years. In January of 1998, the internal habitats of all eight intertidal creeks (4 in Clambank Creek, 4 in Town Creek) were surveyed manually (on foot) using tape measures during low tide. One tape was positioned along the central axis of the creek and a shorter tape was used to determine the width of the creek bottom (from the lowest points of adjacent creek banks) perpendicular to the axis. The widths were determined every one meter along the length of the main creek and each tributary. A diagram depicting the methods and morphology was created and is called "InternalCreekDiagram". A one-meter by one-meter PVC quadrat was used to determine the bottom type of every square meter of each creek. Classification was based according to 16 bottom types. Bottom sediments without living oysters were classified as soft mud, sandy mud, shelly mud, and shelly sand. Twelve other categories were based on low-density shell, medium clusters, or dense aggregates of living oysters present on those four sediment types. These data were used to generate percent values for proportions of the various bottom types. When the data were analyzed along with the other creek morphological characteristics and nekton data, the internal creek habitat categories were condensed from 16 bottom types to two bottom types: mud and shell. The creek bottom types were also divided up on the Nalgene field data sheets by their general location in the creek such as left or right fork, in a pool, and in a submerged area. External characteristics just outside the study creeks were also surveyed in January of 1998. These features also may influence the nekton entrance into the intertidal creek. Bottom types were determined for the intertidal area between the mouth of each intertidal creek and the mean low water (MLW) mark at the edge of the adjacent subtidal creek. Whereas, the distance between the mouth and MLW varied among sites, the lateral extent of the area used for this set of bottom type analyses was defined as ten meters upstream and fifteen meters downstream of the mouths of each intertidal creek. A diagram depicting the methods and morphology was created and is called "ExternalCreekDiagram". The same procedure identified for characterizing bottom area and types inside of the intertidal creeks was used for characterizing the area outside of the mouths. Like the internal creek categories, the external creek habitat categories were condensed from 16 bottom types to two.This part of DS 781 presents data for faults for the geologic and geomorphic map of the Offshore San Francisco map area, California. The vector data file is included in "Faults_OffshoreSanFrancisco.zip," which is accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreSanFrancisco/data_catalog_OffshoreSanFrancisco.html. The Offshore of San Francisco map area straddles the right-lateral transform boundary between the North American and Pacific plates and is cut by several active faults that cumulatively form a distributed shear zone, including the San Andreas Fault, the eastern strand of the San Gregorio Fault, the Golden Gate Fault, and the Potato Patch Fault (Bruns and others, 2002; Ryan and others, 2008). These faults are covered by Holocene sediments (mostly units Qms, Qmsb, Qmst) with no seafloor expression, and are mapped using seismic-reflection data (see field activities S-15-10-NC and F-2-07-NC). The San Andreas Fault is the primary plate-boundary structure and extends northwest across the map area; it intersects the shoreline 10 km north of the map area at Bolinas Lagoon, and 3 km south of the map area at Mussel Rock. This section of the San Andreas Fault has an estimated slip rate of 17 to 24 mm/yr (U.S. Geological Survey, 2010), and the devastating Great 1906 California earthquake (M 7.8) is thought to have nucleated on the San Andreas a few kilometers offshore of San Francisco within the map area (Bolt, 1968; Lomax, 2005). The San Andreas Fault forms the boundary between two distinct basement terranes, Upper Jurassic to Lower Cretaceous rocks of the Franciscan Complex to the east, and Late Cretaceous granitic and older metamorphic rocks of the Salinian block to the west. Franciscan Complex rocks (unit KJf, undivided) form seafloor outcrops at and north of Point Lobos adjacent to onland exposures. The Franciscan is divided into 13 different units for the onshore portion of this geologic map based on different lithologies and ages, but the unit cannot be similarly divided in the offshore because of a lack of direct observation and (or) sampling. Faults were primarily mapped by interpretation of seismic reflection profile data (see field activities S-15-10-NC and F-2-07-NC). The seismic reflection profiles were collected between 2007 and 2010. References Cited Bolt, B.A., 1968, The focus of the 1906 California earthquake: Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, v. 58, p. 457-471. Bruns, T.R., Cooper, A.K., Carlson, P.R., and McCulloch, D.S., 2002, Structure of the submerged San Andreas and San Gregorio fault zones in the Gulf of Farallones as inferred from high-resolution seismic-reflection data, in Parsons, T. (ed.), Crustal structure of the coastal and marine San Francisco Bay region, California: U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 1658, p. 77-117. Lomax, A., 2005, A reanalysis of the hypocentral location and related observations for the Great 1906 California earthquake: Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, v. 95, p. 861-877. Ryan, H.F., Parsons, T., and Sliter, R.W., 2008. Vertical tectonic deformation associated with the San Andreas fault zone offshore of San Francisco, California. Tectonophysics, 429 (1-2), p. 209-224. U.S. Geological Survey and California Geological Survey, 2010, Quaternary fault and fold database for the United States, accessed April 5, 2012, from USGS website: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/hazards/qfaults/.SPEER Search SPEER - Accelerate the adoption of advanced building systems and energy efficient products and services through Education & Training programs for students, consumers, contractors, builders, realtors, and other industry players in the energy efficiency supply chainSearch the current edition of the Whitworth CatalogThe USGS National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) Downloadable Data Collection from The National Map (TNM) is a comprehensive set of digital spatial data that encodes information about naturally occurring and constructed bodies of surface water (lakes, ponds, and reservoirs), paths through which water flows (canals, ditches, streams, and rivers), and related entities such as point features (springs, wells, stream gages, and dams). The information encoded about these features includes classification and other characteristics, delineation, geographic name, position and related measures, a "reach code" through which other information can be related to the NHD, and the direction of water flow. The network of reach codes delineating water and transported material flow allows users to trace movement in upstream and downstream directions. In addition to this geographic information, the dataset contains metadata that supports the exchange of future updates and improvements to the data. The NHD supports many applications, such as making maps, geocoding observations, flow modeling, data maintenance, and stewardship. For additional information on NHD, go to http://nhd.usgs.gov/.Cooperative national project with the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to evaluate FHWA's guidelines for highway-runoff quality. Links to searchable online bibliography of related publications by the USGS, EPA, FHWA, and state agencies.Barrow field campaign data from March 2013.A compendium of references to previously published databases and database records that describe PGE, nickel, and chromium deposits and occurrences. These data show where to obtain more detailed information about each deposit or occurrence.Green Festival, America's Largest and Longest-Running Sustainability and Green Living Event.Summary of study to document the impact of Hurricane Dennis on Santa Rosa Island, in the Florida Panhandle.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date surface-water data, such as gage height (stage) and streamflow (discharge), collected at major rivers, lakes, and reservoirs, downloadable from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files.This georectified digital map portrays a War Department Map of Military Road from Fort Walla Walla on the Columbia to Fort Benton on the Missouri from 1858-1863. The original paper map was scanned, georeferenced, and rectified to broaden access and to facilitate use in GIS software.To support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, towed-diver surveys (aka. towboard surveys) were conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. 3 towboard surveys (8.4860 km in length), were conducted at Aguijan Island during the Marianas Archipelago RAMP Cruise HI0702 from 12 - 22 May 2007. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the benthic characterization observations.The Rapid Update Cycle (RUC) weather forecast model was developed by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP). On May 1, 2012, the RUC was replaced by NCEPs Rapid Refresh (RAP) weather forecast model. The RUC was designed to produce quick, short-term, weather forecasts using the most currently available observations. When it was first implemented in 1994, the model was run every three hours making forecasts out to 12 hours. By 2002, the RUC was run every hour, on the hour, producing 12-hour forecasts with a 1 hour temporal resolution. This dataset contains a 13 km horizontal resolution Lambert Conformal grid covering the Continental United States (CONUS) domain.Physical, currents, nutrients, and other data were collected from bottle and GEK casts from the FUJI and SHIRASE in the Indian Ocean and other locations from 06 December 1970 to 10 January 1994. Data are in current and serial formats and are self documenting. Current parameters include current direction and velocity. Serial parameters include temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, sigma-t, thermosteric anomaly, specific volume anomaly, and sound velocity.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Locations and characteristics of the copper smelters throughout the world.Web Developer Network Wiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Overview with links to studies on the effects of human activity on the San Francisco estuary with loss of historic fresh and saltwater tidal marshes reducing habitats, introducing contaminants in waste, and creating dredging problems.Information on sediment-hosted copper deposits from around the world with grade and tonnage models, a general classification, mineralogy, with data allowing locations of these deposits to be plotted using GIS.WMSHillsdale College Student Stories Search Hillsdale College Student Stories - Explore the College through eyes of studentsThe NOAA Coastal Services Center manages and distributes lidar data for the coastal United States, including territorial possessions via the Digital Coast Data Access Viewer web-mapping application. The data span from the mid-1990's to the present and were collected using several different sensors. The collection includes data from topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors. Data are available for shoreline strips to full county coverage and larger. The products have been delivered to the CSC in various formats, projections, datums, and units. Once received, the data are reviewed, checked for errors, and standardized in a single format, projection, and datum. The NOAA National Geophysical Data Center serves as the long-term archive of these data.The Joint Airborne Lidar Bathymetry Technical Center of Expertise (JALBTCX) has performed a coastal survey along the Gulf coast of TX in 2010. The data types collected include bathymetry and topographic lidar point data, true color imagery and hyperspectral imagery. The collection effort follows the coastline and extends 500m inland and 1000m offshore or to laser extinction, whichever comes first. Topographic lidar is collected with 200% coverage, yielding a nominal 1m x 1m post-spacing. Where water conditions permit, the bathymetry lidar data will have a nominal post spacing of 4m x 4m. The true color imagery will have a pixel size approximately 35cm and the hyperspectral imagery will be provided in 1m pixels containing 36 bands between 375 - 1050 nm with 19 nm bandwidth. The final data will be tied to horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, and are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88).Zenodo Search on ZenodoTopics in Coastal and Marine Sciences provides background science materials, definitions, and links to give a common context for users from a variety of backgrounds. Coastal erosion was chosen as the first topic.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search the current edition of the Marquette BulletinThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Cambridge Dictionaries OnlineShows where earthquakes occur here, the type of damage that has occurred, and the information that USGS provides to help people anticipate and understand this hazard.Detailed measurements of elevation help to understand the extent and severity of subsidence. Study asks if subsidence indicates the aquifer system is compacting temporarily or permanently, and are the changes human-induced or tectonic.The file is comprised of instantaneous absolute values of the geomagnetic components D, H, and Z or X, Y, and Z at 1-minute intervals. These values were derived either from analog recordings (magnetograms) with the aid of semiautomatic digitizing equipment or from digital recordings made directly on magnetic tape. These data are available from about 50 observatories operated by the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, United Kingdom, Taiwan, Sodankayla, Iceland, Finland and France.This map service includes data layers being used by the South Carolina Renewable Energy Task Force in their decision making process.A broad survey of regional patterns in stream flow nationwide. Maps and graphs summarizing streamflow conditions for water-year 2011 (October 1, 2010 to September 30, 2011) in the context of the 82-year period 1930-2011.These files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the 1995 TIGER/Line files detailing census blocks. This dataset includes census block numbers, water blocks, and current geography.Department of Economics - University of OxfordEncyclopedia of Life searchThe National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during November 2013.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.Resource assessment of nahcolite, a mineral with a variety of industrial uses, which occurs with oil shale and is affected by the processes used to recover hydrocarbons from the rock.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.This map service includes geology, oil and gas field centerpoints, and geologic provinces of Africa with some of these components extended into geographically adjacent areas. This digital compilation is an interim product of the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project (WEP) and part of a series on CD-ROM. The goal of the WEP is to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world. Results of this assessment were reported in the year 2000 (see USGS DDS-60).Explains for USGS employees and volunteers how best to defend against bear attacks when conducting field studies.This web service makes available all of the marine biogeographic records contained in the Ocean Biogeographic Information System-USA database. OBIS-USA brings together marine biological occurrence data - recorded observations of identifiable marine species at a known time and place, collected primarily from U.S. Waters or with U.S. funding. The program is coordinated by the <a href="http://www.usgs.gov/core_science_systems/csas/index.html" target="usgs">Core Science, Analytics and Synthesis Program (CSAS)</a> of the United States Geological Survey (USGS). Please see the OBIS-USA web site for more information. <a href="http://www.usgs.gov/obis-usa/index.html">http://www.usgs.gov/obis-usa/index.html</a>. <a href="http://www1.usgs.gov/erddap/tabledap/AllMBG.fgdc">FGDC Metadata Record</a>We assembled 1.4 million National Ocean Service (NOS) bathymetric soundings from 98 lead-line and single-beam echosounder hydrographic surveys conducted from 1910 to 1999 in Cook Inlet, Alaska. These bathymetry data are available from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov), which archives and distributes data that were originally collected by the NOS and others. While various bathymetry data have been downloaded previously from NGDC, compiled, and used for a variety of projects, our effort differed in that we compared and corrected the digital bathymetry by studying the original analog source documents - digital versions of the original survey maps, called smooth sheets. Our editing included deleting erroneous and superseded values, digitizing missing values, and properly aligning all data sets to a common, modern datum. There were six areas where these older surveys were superseded by compilations of reduced-resolution multibeam surveys. We digitized 12,000 features, such as rocky reefs, kelp beds, rocks and islets, adding them to what was originally available, and creating the most thorough source (n = 18,000) of these typically shallow, inshore features. We also digitized 2,418 km of the mainland and 529 km of island shoreline, generally at a resolution of 1:20,000, and digitized 9,271 verbal surficial sediment descriptions from the smooth sheets. The depth surface, shoreline, inshore features, and sediment data sets are mostly produced at a scale of 1:20,000.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Links to digital publications on minerals and mineral resources research in the western United States.This publication (Open-File Report 95-479) is a teacher's guide to two U.S. Geological Survey maps that show gravity and magnetic data in contour form superimposed on a LANDSAT satellite image of the San Francisco Bay area.gvSIG blog Search gvSIG blog - gvSIG project team blogWMSThis data set was created from U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) digital elevation models (DEMs). The DEMs were standardized to 30 meter grid cells, UTM Zone 15, NAD83, vertical units in feet and were joined into one statewide file (also available as county files). All the DEMs are Level 2 quality except Town Line Lake, Grand Portage and Grand Portage OE N which likely are still Level 1. The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources created the Level 2 DEMs for 88 quads in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is a European Union agency charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. It is headquartered in Lisbon.TIGER, TIGER/Line, and Census TIGER are registered trademarks of the Bureau of the Census. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the Census TIGER data base. The geographic coverage for a single TIGER/Line file is a county or statistical equivalent entity, with the coverage area based on January 1, 2000 legal boundaries. A complete set of Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files includes all counties and statistically equivalent entities in the United States and Puerto Rico. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files will not include files for the Island Areas. The Census TIGER data base represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts. However, each county-based TIGER/Line file is designed to stand alone as an independent data set or the files can be combined to cover the whole Nation. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files consist of line segments representing physical features and governmental and statistical boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files do NOT contain the ZIP Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs) and the address ranges are of approximately the same vintage as those appearing in the 1999 TIGER/Line files. That is, the Census Bureau is producing the Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line files in advance of the computer processing that will ensure that the address ranges in the TIGER/Line files agree with the final Master Address File (MAF) used for tabulating Census 2000. The files contain information distributed over a series of record types for the spatial objects of a county. There are 17 record types, including the basic data record, the shape coordinate points, and geographic codes that can be used with appropriate software to prepare maps. Other geographic information contained in the files includes attributes such as feature identifiers/census feature class codes (CFCC) used to differentiate feature types, address ranges and ZIP Codes, codes for legal and statistical entities, latitude/longitude coordinates of linear and point features, landmark point features, area landmarks, key geographic features, and area boundaries. The Redistricting Census 2000 TIGER/Line data dictionary contains a complete list of all the fields in the 17 record types.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the south shore of St. John, including a portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument in the US Virgin Islands, based on a 1m bathymetric grid. Due to the large file size of the 1m St. John grid, it was divided into four component grids for improved manageability, named stj04_1_1rug, stj04_1_2rug, stj04_1_3rug, and stj04_1_4rug from west to east. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle with footprint size 3*3. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during January 2014.Sixty-five sampling sites, selected by a statistical design to represent lengths of perennial streams in North Dakota, were chosen to be sampled for fish and aquatic insects (macroinvertebrates) to establish unbiased baseline data.Consistent, historic, and up-to-date ground-water data, such as water levels collected at wells and springs, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.SECTIC-24K is a digital file of the Public Land Survey (PLS) section corners of Minnesota as recorded on the most recent edition of the U.S. Geological Survey's 1:24,000 7.5-minute quadrangle maps. The database attempts to best fit the section corner locations shown on the published 1:24,000 maps, even though better 'real world' data for the location of the section corner might be available elsewhere. The SECTIC-24K data set also includes a program which has the following utilities: Utility A: Section corner extraction from the SECTIC-24K database by county, 1:24,000-scale quad, or township. Utility B: Conversion among PLS, UTM, or LAT/LONG coordinates, either interactively or by file conversion. It also allows NAD27 - NAD83 conversions. Utility C: Creation of a dBASE output file from SECTIC-24K. ***This program does not run on Windows 7 - 64 bit computers (it does run on Windows - 32 bit). There is also a web service that generates much the same info as the sectic program. See http://geoint.lmic.state.mn.us/pete/pls.html . The main differences are it may not do NAD27/NAD83 shifts and it doesn't have a batch mode. A batch mode could be created using the web service and the scripting code of your choice.***The search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemWake Forest Historical Museum Search Wake Forest Historical Museum - 414 N. Main Street Wake Forest, NC 27587 CONTACT:919-556-2911The rainfall-runoff erosivity factor (R-Factor) quantifies the effects of raindrop impacts and reflects the amount and rate of runoff associated with the rain. The R-factor is one of the parameters used by the Revised Unified Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE) to estimate annual rates of erosion. This product is a raster representation of R-Factor derived from isoerodent maps published in the Agriculture Handbook Number 703 (Renard et al.,1997). Lines connecting points of equal rainfall ersoivity are called isoerodents. The iserodents plotted on a map of the Island of Maui were digitized, then values between these lines were obtained by linear interpolation. The final R-Factor data are in raster GeoTiff format at 30 meter resolution in UTM, Zone 4, GRS80, NAD83.WMSThese elements, abbreviated as PGE, include platinum, palladium, rhodium, ruthenium, iridium, and osmium. They have similar physical and chemical properties and occur together in nature.Elevation maps (also known as Digital Elevation Models or DEMs) of Colonial National Historical Park were produced from remotely-sensed, geographically-referenced elevation measurements in cooperation with NASA and NPS. Point data in ASCII text files were interpolated in a GIS to create a grid or digital elevation model (DEM) of each surface. Elevation measurements were collected in Virginia, over Colonial National Historical Park, using the NASA Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL), a pulsed laser ranging system mounted onboard an aircraft to measure ground elevation and topography. The system uses high frequency laser beams directed at the earth's surface through an opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The plane travels over the area at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying the base areas of the park. The EAARL, developed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) located at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, measures ground elevation with a vertical resolution of 15 centimeters. A sampling rate of 3 kHz or higher results in an extremely dense spatial elevation data set. Over 100 kilometers can easily be surveyed within a 3- to 4-hour mission time period. The ability to sample large areas rapidly and accurately is especially useful in morphologically dynamic areas. For more information on Lidar science and the Experimental Advanced Airborne Research Lidar (EAARL) system and surveys, see http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/overview/index.php and http://ngom.usgs.gov/dsp/tech/eaarl/index.php .The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Geochemical analysis of rocks, sediments, soils, and heavy mineral concentrates in Alaska.Fact sheet in PDF format on occurrence and recoverability of coalbed methane in the U.S. and related environmental concerns.Temperature profile data were collected using bottle casts in a world wide distribution from 03 May 1962 to 15 September 1990. Data were collected and submitted by Hydrometeorology Service of the Russian Navy (GSVMF)What Works | Wellbeing Search What Works | Wellbeing - The development of the What Works Centre for WellbeingAccess to InfoBank, an online data catalog, to browse or retrieve coastal and marine geology program information, images, and data on gravity, bathymetry, seismic activity, magnetics, samples, facilities, cruises and equipment.Airborne gravity data for Alabama and Florida collected in 2008 over 1 survey. This data set is part of the Gravity for the Re-definition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) project initiated by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey to collect and monitor gravity data suitable for the re-definition of the vertical datum for at least the United States and territories. The data is available at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GRAV-D/data_cs01.shtml in ASCII text format.North Dakota GIS Hub Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Map Services (WMS) are used for streaming raster/image data to desktop and web-based applications. These data include view-only images of communications, emergency services, geology, government boundaries, government lands, hydrography, locations, and transportation data and view-only raster data such as aerial photography, landuse/landcover, and elevation data. Please see the Supplemental Information section for instructions on how to use these WMS services.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.ArcIMS 9.2.0 JCOMM Web Map ServiceWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Infrastructure Services for Open Access Search Infrastructure Services for Open Access -Building off the successes of an Office of Ocean Exploration (OE) expedition to Davidson Seamount in 2002, this project will focus on deep-water corals. The week-long expedition in 2002 was the initial effort to characterize the biology and geology of the Davidson Seamount, 1,250 - 3,700 meters deep off Central California. Many results and products from this cruise are relevant to OE, including ocean science issues, education, outreach, and resource management. The focus of the proposed 2005 cruise would be to expand on the exploratory results of our last seamount expedition to investigate processes that generated coral distribution patterns. We will use a simple model derived from results of the last cruise to test our understanding of coral distribution, and use this model to guide exploration in other regions of the Seamount (still over 99.98% unexplored.) Specific regions of the seamount will be targeted based on a topographic index, substratum type, and coral species depth records. Complementary studies of the biodiversity and population dynamics of seamount fauna will include collections of corals for taxonomic studies, and age and growth studies of corals using innovative radiometric techniques. Addressing the public interest in seamounts, corals, and exploration, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) will record imagery from Davidson Seamount to feature in an upcoming television series, co-produced with the Discovery Channel, for broadcast in the United States and internationally. The Sanctuary West Coast Visitor Center and Monterey Bay Aquarium have plans to feature seamounts and corals in future exhibits, and high-definition video imagery, as well as research findings will be pivotal in the exhibit development.Information concerning status and trends of biological resources, focusing on PlantsOffi cial web site of Pur due University s Con fu cius Insti tuteThese data are a selection of geographic and cartographic information from the 1998 TIGER/Line files detailing roads and highways. This dataset includes primary highways with limited access, primary roads without limited access, secondary and connecting roads, local, neighborhood and rural roads, vehicular trails, roads with special characteristics, and roads, trails, stairs and walkways used by bicyclists and pedestrians. CUGIR, The Cornell University Geospatial Information Repository, using US Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census data, developed the GIS data set versions of 1998 Census TIGER/Line files for 10 coverages for each of the 62 counties in New York State.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSThe US Voluntary Observing Ships (VOS) report surface marine observations in both real-time (FM-13 ship format) and delayed-mode (International Maritime Meteorological Tape - IMMT format). To do this, most operating vessels use e-logbook software that allows an observer to enter information, then the software can transmit a real-time report as well as save the same report in a different format to the ship's hard drive for later access, i.e. delayed mode observation (DM). Once in port, all DM reports stored on the hard drive are retrieved and sent to the National Climatic Data Center for archiving and processing. The e-logbook software used in this dataset is the TurboWin Version 5.0 program and structures data in the IMMT-4 format.The data contained here are surface marine observations from many different sources via the NCDC Global Telecommunication System (GTS) Marine in International Maritime Meteorological Archive (IMMA) format. The observations are obtained exclusively via the NCDC GTS stream and derives primarily from ships (merchant, ocean research, fishing, navy, etc.) and moored and drifting buoys. Each report contains individual observations of meteorological and oceanographic variables, such as sea surface and air temperatures, winds, pressure, humidity, wet bulb, dew point, ocean waves and cloudiness. NCDC takes the various observations and converts the GTS data to a standard IMMA format. This allows the observations to be used in a cohesive standard for input to larger datasets, such as the International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS) Near-Real-Time (NRT) product. The dataset will be produced and archived monthly. Spatial coverage is global and the current period of record for these files will begin in January 2008 to the most current month. The data will be formated to the most current IMMA standard in ASCII file format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.WMSThe U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) contracted with Hawaii-based Aerial Surveying, Inc. to collect lidar-derived elevation data over the low-lying areas within the northwestern Hawaiian Islands (NWHI) during the summer of 2010. A separate contract issued to Aerial Surveying, Inc. by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) funded the lidar data processing and elevation data product development phases of the project. Lidar data provide high resolution digital elevation models that are used for many applications, including but not limited to sea level rise modeling, habitat assessments, and tsunami inundation modeling. In April 2011, NOAA Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument and NOAA Coastal Services Center deployed a survey crew to the NWHI to collect high accuracy point data to validate the 2010 lidar data. The survey crew used survey-grade Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers to collect high accuracy elevation points. This metadata covers the information for Kure Atoll. This dataset contains lidar point clouds in LAS 1.2 format, classified in the following ASPRS standards as Class 1: Unclassified, Class 2: Ground, and Class 9: Water. The following are the equipment used to create the lidar data sets. Aircraft: Beechcraft Queen Air Lidar Systems: Riegl 140 and 240 Accuracy statements are based on areas of open terrain, with points classified as ground. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard, derived products may be less accurate in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the ground in these areas. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some pulses not reaching the ground. This work was conducted under permit number PMNM-2010-033 as approved by NOAA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the State of Hawaii, and acknowledged by Dr. Charles L. Littnan of NOAA's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center.The School of Arts and Sciences, Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyThis cruise used the remotely operated vehicle (ROV) Jason II to: explore 4-6 new sites for the occurrence of deep water coral reefs; made collections of Lophelia and other corals for genetic and physiological studies, made collections of communities associated with Lophelia and other corals for ecological studies; collected quantitative digital imagery for characterization of sites and coral communities; collect spatially explicit physical near bottom oceanographic data; deploy cameras and microbial arrays; reposition larval traps and current meters; collected push cores; and conducted a series of linked archeological/ biological investigations on deep water shipwrecks.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSPowered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationAquatic vascular vegetation beds dominated by submerged, rooted, vascular species or submerged or rooted floating freshwater tidal vascular vegetation. This is NOT a complete collection of seagrasses on the seafloor, nor are the locations to be considered exact. The presence and location of the seagrasses have been derived from multiple state websites. These data are intended for coastal and ocean planning. Not for navigation.N/AWMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.It's Getting Hot In Here Search It's Getting Hot In Here - Dispatches from the Youth Climate Movement24k version of Idaho Fish and Game's (IDFG) 2015 Bighorn Sheep Controlled Hunt Areas. This file was produced by IDFG from the legal descriptions available in the current, published hunting regulations.This image represents an 8 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of a reef shelf/bank south of Vieques, Puerto Rico. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in and around the Northeast Reserve from 3/05/2013 to 3/29/2013. Data was acquired with a hull mounted Kongsberg EM1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software, applying all relevant correctors (attitude, sound velocity, absorption coefficient). Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were geometrically and radiometrically corrected in CARIS HIPS Mosaic Editor. Acoustic backscatter mosaics are an important piece of information when characterizing surficial seafloor features and delineating benthic habitats. The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.WMSThe EPHT air quality indicator files are from a SAS program which calculates the air indicators as developed by CDC's Environmental Public Health Tracking (EPHT) Air Team and approved by the Content Working Group (CWG) steering committee. The indicators use EPA air quality data (from ambient air monitors) and the methodology described in the air team's indicator report. Each file contains, for each county having complete monitoring data: the year, state FIPS code (individually and combined with county FIPS), county name, county population, number of days by county above O3 benchmark (default federal NAAQS), the person-days by county above O3 benchmark (default federal NAAQS), county PM2.5 annual avarage, percent of monitored days above benchmark (default: US Federal NAAQS), and the number of person-days above benchmark (default: Federal NAAQS).The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search California Energy Commission Events.USGS water resources home page for Kentucky with links to detailed hydrologic studies, real-time and historical data on streamflow, ground and surface water, flow duration, and water quality plus program highlights, contacts, and news.This data set contains imagery from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). The NAIP acquires digital ortho imagery during the agricultural growing seasons in the continental U.S.. A primary goal of the NAIP program is to enable availability of ortho imagery within one year of acquisition. The NAIP provides two main products: 1 meter ground sample distance (GSD) ortho imagery rectified to a horizontal accuracy within +/- 5 meters of reference digital ortho quarter quads (DOQQ's) from the National Digital Ortho Program (NDOP) or from the National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP); 1 meter GSD ortho imagery rectified within +/- 6 meters to true ground. The tiling format of NAIP imagery is based on a 3.75' x 3.75' quarter quadrangle with a 300 meter buffer on all four sides. The NAIP imagery is formatted to the UTM coordinate system using the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The NAIP imagery may contain as much as 10% cloud cover per tile. The quarter quads have been reprojected from UTM 11 or UTM 12 to IDTM83 projection (ESPG 102605), mosaicked into 100k tiles, and compressed using ERDAS Imagine for use in ArcGIS.The egg-mat data describe a sub-set of the egg-mat network operated by the Idaho Department of Fish and Game. The sub-set inlcudes two sites, 1. near an area commonly known as Shorty's Island, and 2. near the Kootenai River confluence with Myrtle Creek at an area commonly known as Myrtle Bend. The egg-mats consist of artificial substrate mats that are deployed and retrieved every 24-48 hours by IDFG personnel. The egg-mat material is designed to trap eggs that come in contact with the mat, allow personnel to quanitify the number of eggs for the deployed period. The egg-mat data is described by date, quantity of eggs retrieved, and the spatial location (geographic and projected coordinates).Central and Eastern European Marine Repository (CEEMaR) Central and Eastern European Marine Repository (CEEMaR) DSpace repositorySystematic survey of soil geochemistry and mineralogy in the conterminous USThis map layer portrays major dams of the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands (NTAD 2014). The map layer was created by extracting dams 50 feet or more in height, or with a normal storage capacity of 5,000 acre-feet or more, or with a maximum storage capacity of 25,000 acre-feet or more, from the 79,777 dams in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers National Inventory of Dams. This is a replacement for the April 1994 map layer.LiDAR was collected within portions of Pinellas, Hillsborough, Manatee, Sarasota, Charlotte, Lee, Collier, Monroe, and a very small coastal area of Pasco, Counties. System Parameters/Flight Plan: The LiDAR system acquisition parameters were developed based on a maximum average ground sample distance of 4 feet. Two Leica ALS50 sensors were used for acquisition. Acquisition specifications for the two sensors were as follows: Sensor 19 Field of View (full angle) - 29 degrees Nominal flight altitude (AMSL) - 3999.30 feet Airspeed - 54.02 meters/sec Laser pulse rate - 75,000 Hz Nominal swath width (on ground) - 2068.58 feet Maximum cross track point spacing - 3.91 feet Maximum along track point spacing - 3.94 feet Average point spacing - 2.21 feet Flight line spacing - 1544.95 feet Side overlap - 25.31 percent Sensor 59 Field of View (full angle) - 29 degrees Nominal flight altitude (AMSL) - 3999.30 feet Airspeed - 60.70 meters/sec Laser pulse rate - 84,400 Hz Nominal swath width (on ground) - 2068.58 feet Maximum cross track point spacing - 3.94 feet Maximum along track point spacing - 3.91 feet Average point spacing - 2.21 feet Flight line spacing - 1413.72 feet Side overlap - 31.66 percent. LiDAR System Calibration: Prior to the LiDAR acquisition, the system underwent a calibration to verify the operational accuracy and misalignment angles. Boresight calibrations were performed for each LiDAR system at the beginning and end of each flight mission. LiDAR Data Acquisition: LiDAR data acquisition only occurred when the sky was sufficiently clear of clouds, smoke, and atmospheric haze. The LiDAR data was processed immediately after the acquisition to verify the coverage had no voids. GPS/Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) Post Processing: The GPS and IMU data was post processed using differential and Kalman filter algorithms to derive a best estimate of trajectory. The quality of the solution was verified to be consistent with the accuracy requirements of the project. LiDAR Processing and Classification: The LiDAR data was post processed and verified to be consistent with the project requirements in terms of post spacing and absence of artifacts. The point cloud underwent classification to determine bare-earth points (class 2), noise points (class 7), water returns (class 9), and unclassified data (class 1). Class 12 contains LiDAR points removed from the overlap region between adjacent flight lines. The MASSPOINT feature class contains ground (class 2) points only. To create the MASSPOINT feature class, Ground (class 2) LAS points were extracted in ArcMap, using a Woolpert Team-developed VB script, and loaded into the Geodatabase as multipoint geometry.Search Italian Online Resource on Brookes WikiThis data set contains conductivity and temperature data from the annual download of instruments on the Switchyard moored array. Also included are data from CTD casts taken at mooring and drifter deployment sites.Surficial geologic map of the Yosemite National Park area with links to the legend and text.Home page for USGS research on the relationship of environment and health with links to fact sheets, reports, projects and programs, Human Health database and meeting and conferences.Results of analysis of cores collected from 'fossil' massive Porites corals exposed in the raised reefs of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea (see below for age estimate), and living corals. The cores were collected vertically down the axis of maximum growth of the colony. Cores were subsampled into 1mm growth increments, resulting in an average of 12 samples/annual growth increment. These samples were analysed for d18O, then the data interpolated to seasonal resolution (presented here). In this region, seasonal and interannual variations in skeletal d18O are due to the combined effects of changes in precipitation/evaporation balance and temperature; see Tudhope et al., 1995, Earth Planet. Sci. Lett., 136, 575, and Tudhope et al., 2001, Science, 291, 1511-1517 for further discussion of climatic interpretation.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.Presentation describing uses of rare earth elements, why they are important, where they occur and are produced, and aspects of the economics of production and consumption with emphasis on sites that might be developed for production.Chart TrackerThe aims of WCRP is to facilitate analysis and prediction of Earth System variability and change for use in an increasing range of practical applications of direct relevance, benefit and value to societyWMSThe Private Conservation data layer is a collection of properties that are protected from development by a Private Conservation group or society either through ownership or conservation easement.Census Designated Places (CDPs) are populations centers without legally defined corporation limits and defined by the Census Bureau in cooperation with state officials and local data users.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This is the reference implementation of WFS 1.0.0 and WFS 1.1.0, supports all WFS operations including Transaction.A web-based monitoring and reporting system that provides access to data on wildlife and zoonotic diseases, mortality events, and other critical related information.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Random collections of algae were made at 1 site at Supply Reef in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in August and September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES03-07). Raw survey data included genus presence and voucher specimens. Detailed taxonomic analyses of voucher specimens are presented.Map and report on the surficial deposits and bedrock of the onshore part of the Harrison Bay quadrangle, Alaska. The map area is located within the Arctic Coastal Plain and in the northeastern part of the National Petroleum Reserve of Alaska (NPRA).This Web Coverage Service (WCS) is one of the multiple GES DISC data service instances used to provide gridded Level 3 daily OMI data products.U.S. Geological Survey and National Park Service virtual geology sites organized by geology topics and individual parks.Gulf of Maine regional overview interactive map depicting research activities of the U.S. Geological Survey showing surficial sample sites, bathymetry, continental margin and coastal areas.The Color Shaded Relief of the Conterminous United States map layer is a 100-meter resolution color-sliced elevation image of the United States, with relief shading added to accentuate terrain features, in an Albers Equal-Area Conic projection. The image was produced by combining the 100-meter resolution color-sliced elevation and the grayscale shaded relief data sets that are distributed by the National Atlas of the United States. The color shaded relief data were derived from the National Atlas 100-meter resolution elevation data. The elevation data were derived from National Elevation Dataset (NED) data and show the terrain of the conterminous United States at a resolution of 100 meters. The NED is a raster product assembled by the U.S. Geological Survey, designed to provide national elevation data in a seamless form with a consistent datum, elevation unit, and projection. Data corrections made in the NED assembly process minimize artifacts, permit edge matching, and fill sliver areas of missing data. More information on NED can be found at http://ned.usgs.gov.The goal of the Bonaire 2008 expedition is to survey this unique environment over a greater depth range than can be reached with compressed air scuba, using three autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), technical diving, and (in a future year) a manned submersible.This news service focuses on wildlife diseases and wildlife morbidity/mortality, especially as they relate to human and ecosystem health.This layer is the Ozark-St. Francis National Forest Special Interest Area polygons. The Ozark - St. Francis National Forests have 21 Special Interest Areas (SIA) totaling approximately 23,243 acres. SIAs are managed for their unique goelogical, botanical, biological, zoological, scenic, or cultural features. These features are unique enough that they ae not found in loarge areas anywhere on the Forests, or they provide the best representation of similar areas on the Forests. These areas are designated as SIAs because of their unique features, complexity, and degree of interest. They are managed for their unique recreational and educational values, and are intended for public use and interpretation.BoreholeTemperatures in the state of New MexicoMircWiki (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSIn order to facilitate descriptions of groundfish habitat over a large portion of the EBS shelf, the NMFS/AFSC has assembled a single comprehensive database of the point sample data (EBSSED; n=2,587) from all available sources. The database represents sediment variation over the study area with uncompromized (i.e., original) spatial detail. Textural data in the database are of two main types: 1) standardized statistics characterizing sample grain size distribution based on laboratory measurements (granulometric data), including percent composition by size grades (e.g., gravel, sand, mud) and size distribution parameters (e.g., mean size); and 2) sample descriptions from less exacting, more subjective visual/tactile observations, usually made in the field, establishing size-grade constituents. In addition the EBSSED database includes two descriptive fields which were each added to characterize sample grain size distribution by a single, standardized variable based on the original data. These fields classify samples according to gravel-sand-mud composition using high and low resolution schemes derived from Folk's (1954) classic ternary diagram. The high resolution scheme classifies 903 samples with detailed granulometric data into 15 textural classes, providing the greater detail regarding textural variation. The low resolution scheme (7 classes) is designed to allow unambiguous classification of nearly all samples (n=2457) including those with subjective visual/tactile descriptions. It represents the maximum number of samples according to a single common variable and thus provides the most spatially detailed data for the study area, albeit at the expense of some of the textural detail for samples analyzed in the laboratory. Overall, the EBSSED database is the most comprehensive and detailed source of information about surficial sediment textures in the EBS study area. Patterns observed in the data generally agree with large-scale textural maps and summaries by previous investigators, particularly a general pattern, with exceptions, of decreasing average grain size with increasing depth and distance from shore. However, those previous large-scale works spatially smoothed data for the study area from smaller, more sparsely distributed sets of samples. The EBSSED database preserves potentially important fine-scale variation.Search RubyGems.orgThis data set consists of land cover derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 38 three-band ADS40 scenes. These full scenes were not sufficient to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery. Additional imagery was used for classifying obsucred areas. All scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on St Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.Nutrients, physical, and meteorological data were collected from multiple platforms using meteorological sensors from 17 July 1970 to 14, November 1984. Data were collected and submitted by the Japan Meteorological Agency with support from the Global Oceanic Data Archaeology Rescue (GODAR) project.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Online map system providing downloadable geospatial data, primarily NSDI framework themes (that is, general geographic data such as transportation, boundaries, hydrography, orthoimagery, land cover, and elevation).Search the current edition of the CatalogISCB - International Society for Computational BiologyE+ Search E+ - Caltech's Engineering and Science magazineThis data set consists of six-inch pixel resolution, natural color orthoimages covering the urban area footprint. An orthoimage is remotely sensed image data in which displacement of features in the image caused by terrain relief and sensor orientation have been mathematically removed. Orthoimagery combines the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. Each orthoimage provides imagery over a 5000-foot by 5000-foot block on the ground. There is no image overlap between adjacent files. The projected coordinate system is Georgia State Plane West (FIPS 1002) feet with a NAD83 datum.Sampling program to determine if pesticides are present in ground water, in accordance with Wyoming's Generic State Management Plan for Pesticides in Ground Water (SMP).Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsWikiPathways (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) Hazardous Material Routes were developed using the 2004 First Edition TIGER/Line files. The routes are described in the National Hazardous Material Route Registry (NMHRR). The on-line NMHRR linkage is http://hazmat.fmcsa.dot.gov/nhmrr/index.asp With the exception of 13 features that were not identified with the Tiger/Lines, Hazmat routes were created by extracting the TIGER/Line segments that corresponded to each individual route. Hazmat routes in the NTAD, are organized into 3 database files, hazmat.shp, hmroutes.dbf, and hmstcnty.dbf. Each record in each database represents a unique Tiger/Line segment. These Tiger/Line segments are grouped into routes identified as character strings in the ROUTE_ID field in the hmroutes.dbf table. The route name appearing in the ROUTE_ID is assigned by FMCSA and is unique for each State [this sentence could be deleted - it doesn't add a lot to it]. The hmstcnty.dbf table allows the user to select routes by State and County. A single shapefile, called hazmat.shp, represents geometry for all routes in the United States.Large Protestant Churches in Arkansas The Large Protestant Churches dataset is composed of any type of building where Protestant Christians congregate as an organization to worship. In cases where membership or attendance figures were available, churches were selected for inclusion that had 750 or more members or attendees. In cases where such figures were not available, churches were selected based upon the population of the city that appears in their address. In this case, only churches in cities with 100,000 or more population were included. The Protestant Churches dataset should not include Non Christian, Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Russian Orthodox, Greek Orthodox and related churches of their descendants that split from the Roman Catholic church. Also not included in this dataset are homes of church representatives, schools and any type of administrative buildings. This dataset is comprised entirely of non licensed restricted data that was obtained through TGS original research. TGS has ceased making phone calls to verify information about religious locations. Therefore all entities in this dataset were verified  using alternative reference sources, such as topo maps, parcel maps, various sources of imagery, and internet research. The [CONTHOW] (contact how) attribute for these entities has been set to ALT REF . The text fields in this dataset have been set to all upper case to facilitate consistent database engine search results. Non printable and control characters were removed from all text fields. All diacritics (e.g. the German umlaut or the Spanish tilde) have been replaced with their closest equivalent English character. This was done to facilitate using this dataset with database systems that may not support such characters. The currentness of this dataset is indicated by the [CONTDATE] attribute. Based upon this attribute, the oldest record dates from 2007/09/12 and the newest record dates from 2007/11/095-MHz ground-based radar data were collected along three transects roughly follow the ice-flow direction. These three profiles are located each in slow (150-200 m/a, transect a), intermediate (150-250 m/a, transect b), and fast (300-400 m/a, transect c) -flowing regimes of the glacier. Two profiles (a1 and a2) were made for the slow-flow transect for the redundancy purpose. The data are provided in Matlab format. Each profile (a1, a2, b1, c1) has structure including: horizontal positions x and y in the Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM) coordinate (meters), vertical position z above the WGS84 ellipsoid (meters), radar waveform (1024 samples per trace), corresponding two-way travel time (seconds), sampling rate of the radar waveform in nanosecond (10 nsec for this dataset), and days of the year of 2007 and seconds of the day when each radar trace is recorded. No processing is applied to the radar waveforms. However, the echo from the basal interface of the glacier and echoes from within the glacier are clearly recorded.NOAA CoastWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from NOAA's Polar Operational Environmental Satellites (POES). This data provides global area coverage at 0.1 degrees resolution. Measurements are gathered by the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) instrument, a multiband radiance sensor carried aboard the NOAA POES satellites.Dynamic network of business schools and management development professionals that facilitates learning, accreditation, debate and exchange on best practicesDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordTemperature profile data were collected from multiple ships from June 12, 2000 to December 29, 2000. Data were submitted by Marine Environmental Data Service (MEDS) as part of the World Ocean Circulation Experiment (WOCE), Gulf of Mexico NOAA/NMFS Ship of Opportunity (SOOP), and Global Temperature - Salinity Pilot Project (GTSSP) projects. Data were collected using moored buoy, profiling floats, TAO buoy, and XBT casts in a world-wide distribution.This project is a cooperative effort among the National Ocean Service, National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment; the University of Hawaii; and Analytical Laboratories of Hawaii, LLC. IKONOS imagery was purchased to support the Pacific Islands Geographic Information System (GIS) project and the National Ocean Service's (NOS) coral mapping activities. One-meter panchromatic and four-meter multi-spectral data were purchased for each study area. The enhanced spectral resolution of multispectral imagery and control of bandwidths of multispectral data yield an advantage over color aerial photography particularly when coral health and time series analysis of coral reef community structure are of interest. The IKONOS imagery was processed to minimize atmospheric and water column effects. Photointerpreters can accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor using a software interface such as the Habitat Digitizer.This image represents a 0.5 meter resolution backscatter mosaic of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin IslandsNOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum WGS84. The backscatter component of the bathymetry data were processed by the Hawaii Mapping Research Group (HMRG), University of Hawaii using the HAWAII MR1 Sidescan Sonar Software Suite. The data were corrected for angle varying gain, transmit power and pulse width. Electronic and acoustic noise, such as striping due to across track variations in amplitude and speckling due to transducer motion, were removed.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.WFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for San Juan County, New Mexico, 2006se TIGER (ea0d32e8-71f8-464b-8478-b53a2108e130)Juvenile rockfish were observed amongst coral, sponge, cobble, and gravel habitats. Rockfish utilized coral habitats more than any other, while gravel was the least utilized. Sponge and cobble habitat utilization was intermediate to coral and gravel. Predation of young-of-the-year rockfish by sculpin predators was greatest in gravel habitats and lowest in coral habitats.This georeferenced image represents 5 meter resolution multibeam bathymetry of Grammanik Bank, south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.Explains biological soil crusts, organism-produced soil formations commonly found in semiarid and arid environments, with special reference to their biological composition, physical characteristics, and ecological significance.WMSInformation for students on major professions within the USGS with general descriptions of work and qualifications needed for biologists, cartographers, computer professionals, geologists and geophysicists, ecologists, and hydrologists.WMSTo support a long-term NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems, from 12 September - 12 October 2008, belt transect surveys of coral population and diseases quantitative assessments were conducted, as a part of Rapid Ecological Assessments (REA), during the Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruise HI0809 in the NW Hawaiian Islands at biennial intervals by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) at the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC). During the cruise, there were 3 surveys in total conducted at REA sites around Laysan Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands. At the specific REA sites, coral biologists along with fish biologists, algal biologists and marine invertebrate zoologist entered the water and conducted a fine-scale (~300 m2) and high degree of taxonomic resolution REA survey to assess and monitor species composition, abundance, percent cover, size distribution, diversity, and general health of fish, corals, macro-invertebrates, and algae in shallow-water (< 35 m) habitats. As a part of REA surveys, the coral belt surveys were focused on quantifying the diversity, abundance, density, and size-class distribution of the anthozoan and hydrozoan corals as well as the condition and health state of the coral reef populations. The surveys were conducted along two consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines. The belt width was dictated at the beginning of each dive by subjective perceived colony density: 1-m width was used in high density areas, while 2-m width was used in low density areas. Within each 25m transect, five 2.5-meter segments were surveyed (beginning at points: 0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 meters), whereby in each segment, all coral colonies whose center fell within 0.5m of either side of the transect line were identified to the lowest taxonomic level possible (genus or species) and two planar size metrics were collected: maximum diameter and diameter perpendicular to the maximum diameter. In addition, the extent of mortality, both recent and old, was estimated for each colony. Observers paid special attention to identifying as best as possible the extent of the former live colony. When a coral colony exhibited signs of disease or compromised health, additional information was recorded including type of affliction (bleaching, skeletal growth anomaly, white syndrome, tissue loss other than white syndrome, trematodiasis, necrosis, other, pigmentation responses, algal overgrowth, and predation), severity of the affliction (mild, moderate, marked, severe, acute), as well as photographic documentation and sometimes tissue samples. Tissue samples were catalogued and fixed in buffered zinc-formalin solution for further histopathological analyses. Raw survey data included species presence and relative abundance, colony counts per taxon, size (width and length), mortality, predation, and health status. A surveyed area was ranging from 10m2 to 25m2 per site.This data represents the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.435 (a)(2)(ii), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart S Reef Fish Fishery of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, Seasonal closures applicable to broad categories of fish or to all fishing, Red hind spawning aggregation areas as of 6/27/14.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesWMSBackscatter extracted from gridded bathymetry of the banktops and slope of Ofu and Olosega Islands of the Manu'a Island group, American Samoa. This survey provides almost complete coverage between 20 and 250 meters.Report prepared with NASA on the importance of a historical context for understanding ongoing changes in land cover and land use in North America and the effect on the environment. Site contains primarily contents of a book edited by T.D. Sisk.Gravity for the Re-definition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) is a project initiated by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey to collect and monitor gravity data suitable for the re-definition of the vertical datum for at least the United States and territories. Airborne gravity data will be collected from 2008-2022, processed, and released periodically in geographic blocks. Each block is comprised of one or more surveys. The data will be available at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GRAV-D/data_products.shtml in ASCII text format. Some data collection has and will be done in conjunction with partners, such as the US Geological Survey, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, Bureau of Land Management, and the Naval Research Laboratory.Global Area Reference System (GARS) is developed by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) as an area reference system. GARS is based on lines of longitude (LONG) and latitude (LAT). This area reference system serves as a simplified first-step to the various methods for locating objects/places on the Earth.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The Ocean Drilling Program (ODP) operated the drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from 1984-2003 for over 100 cruises worldwide. The ODP was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and several countries through the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). In 1992, the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) placed most of the core data from legs 101-129 of the ODP onto CDROM in cooperation with NSF and JOI. The data are from an ODP relational database system in place prior to the later, JANUS, system. Not all of the data in this archive were transferred to JANUS, so some data files are unique. In 2001, the CDROM was replaced by a new version with an HTML interface, and also placed online. Data types included are: Age profile, carbon-carbonate, corelog, gas chromatography, gamma ray attenuation porositoy evaluator (GRAPE) special 2-minute counts, hard-rock visual core descriptions, hard-rock thin section descriptions, index properties of sediment, interstitial water chemistry, paleomagnetic susceptibility and intensity, rock evaluator data, sedimentary lithology, site summary, smearslide descriptions, velocity, and x-ray fluorescence data.WMSWFS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian/ Alaska Native Area/ Hawaiian Homeland Areas for Valencia County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (64f2ee6d-15ff-4e24-927d-abc45348744f)MSc in Computer Science at Oxford (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Habitat maps of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were created by visual interpretation of aerial photographs using the Habitat Digitizer Extension. Aerial photographs are valuable tools for natural resource managers and researchers since they provide an excellent record of the location and extent of habitats. However, spatial distortions in aerial photographs due to such factors as camera angle, lens characteristics, and relief displacement must be accounted for during analysis to prevent incorrect measurements of area, distance, and other spatial parameters. These distortions of scale within an image can be removed through orthorectification. During orthorectification, digital scans of aerial photos are subjected to algorithms that eliminate each source of spatial distortion. The result is a georeferenced digital mosaic of several photographs with uniform scale throughout the mosaic. Features near land are generally georeferenced with greater accuracy while the accuracy of features away from land is generally not as good. Where no land is in the original photographic frame only kinematic GPS locations and image tie points were used to georeference the images. After the orthorectified mosaics were created, photointerpreters were able to accurately and reliably delineate boundaries of features in the imagery as they appear on the computer monitor.This programs derives a table of secular change in magnetic declination for a specified point in the conterminous United States. It utilizes the USD polynomial and the IGRF spherical harmonic models. Declination is calculated using the current World Magnetic Model (WMM) or International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF) model. While results are typically accurate to 30 minutes of arc, users should be aware that several environmental factors can cause disturbances in the magnetic field.Overview of the Mid-Continent Mapping Center, Rolla, Missouri: a production, research, and data management facility for maps and digital cartographic data products, with links to directions, programs, mapping products, and visitors center.OSGeo Wiki (en)National Information Water System (NWIS) water data for Illinois including real-time current conditions, streamflow data, site information, ground-water data, and water-quality data.Fishing operations that focus on targeting bottomfish (mostly juvenile opakapaka) that are independent of a larger research vessel, i.e. the Oscar Elton Sette.Report on effects of the increase of atmospheric carbon dioxide on plants and animals, especially birds, in the Great Plains including effects of carbon dioxide fertilization, ultraviolet radiation, climate change, and harmful effects on bird habitats.Towed-diver surveys (aka. Towboard surveys) are conducted by the Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED) of the NOAA Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) as part of biennial Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program (RAMP) Cruises. These cruises support NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program (CRCP) long-term goals for sustainable management and conservation of coral reef ecosystems. 5 towboard surveys (10.7308 km in length), were conducted at Laysan Island in the NW Hawaiian Islands from 12 July - 17 August 2003 as part of RAMP Cruise OES0306. Towboard surveys are a good method for obtaining a general description of large reef areas, assessing the status of low-density populations of large-bodied reef fish, large-scale disturbances (e.g., bleaching), general distribution and abundance patterns of macro-invertebrates (e.g., COT, giant clams), and for assessing trends in these populations and metrics. A pair of scuba divers (1 fish and 1 benthic diver) are towed 60 m behind a small survey launch at a speed of 1-2 knots and a depth of approximately 15m. Each survey is 50 min long, covers about 2 km of habitat, and is divided into ten 5-minute survey segments. The fish diver records, to the lowest possible taxon, all large-bodied reef fishes (>50cmTL) seen within 5m either side and 10m in front of the towboard. Length of each individual is estimated to the nearest cm. The fish towboard is also outfitted with a forward-facing digital video camera to record the survey swath. The benthic diver records percent cover of coral and macroalgae, estimates benthic habitat type and complexity, and censuses a suite of benthic macroinvertebrates including Crown of Thorns sea stars and sea urchins. The benthic towboard is equipped with a downward-facing digital still camera which images the benthos at 15 second intervals. These images are analyzed for percent cover of coral, algae, and other benthic components. Both towboards are equipped with SEABIRD SBE-39 temperature/depth sensors set to record at 5 second intervals. Latitude and longitude of each survey track is recorded at 15 second intervals using a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver onboard the tow boat. A layback algorithm is applied to more accurately map the position of the divers with respect to the reef environment. This algorithm calculates the position of the divers based on the position of the tow boat taking into account the length of the tow rope, the depth of the divers, and the curvature of the survey track. This metadata applies to the fish biomass observations.This data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 48 full or partial WorldView2 multispectral scenes and the 2005 high-resolution Oahu C-CAP data set. The imagery and base classification were included in a multi-step semi-automated change detection process to extract land cover features in the 2011 imagery.All Landsat images within the EROS Center archive--a 37-year record of Earth's surface--are available free of charge via the web, including newly acquired Landsat 7 multispectral images.The National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, Inc. (GEM) is a nonprofit organization formed in 1976. GEM exists to increase the number of American Indian, African American, Latino, Puerto Rican, and other Hispanic Americans pursuing graduate degrees in engineering, physical science and natural science disciplines.Few details are available for this thesis. See files for short report and some figures.News and related information focusing on the hazards associated with volcanoes in the United States.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Multibeam and singlebeam mapping operations will be conducted 24 hours a day throughout the cruise. Sub-bottom profile mapping will be conducted each day between the hours of 1000 and 2200 throughout the cruise.The mosaic image contained in this file is comprised of multiple RGB images that were collected by the Compact Hydrographic Airborne Rapid Total Survey (CHARTS) system along the coast of Wisconsin. CHARTS integrates topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors, a digital camera, and a hyperspectral scanner on a single remote sensing platform for use in coastal mapping and charting activities. Data coverage generally extends along the coastline from the waterline inland 500 meters and offshore 1,000 meters or to laser extinction. Native imagery data is not generally in a format accessible to most Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Specialized in-house and commercial software packages processes the imagery data into GIS-compatible products for visualization and further analysis. Horizontal positions, provided in decimal degrees of latitude and longitude, are referenced to the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). Vertical positions are referenced to the NAD83 ellipsoid and provided in meters. The National Geodetic Survey's (NGS) GEOID03 model is used to transform the vertical positions from ellipsoid to orthometric heights referenced to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD88). Individual images have been ortho-rectified and mosaiced into boxes that extend approximately 5 km along shore. The file index is provided by the shape file, "2009_NCMP_Duluth_GLLWD_Vector.shp," and the numbers used to identify files are in the "Box" field of the shape file. The data file naming convention is based on the year, project, area name, "Box" number, and product type. An example file name is "2009_NCMP_WI_Superior_01_RGB_geo.tif," where 2009 is the year of data collection, NCMP is the project under which data were collected, WI_Superior is the area of data collection, 01 is the "Box" number, and "RGB" is the product type.The Northern Gulf Littoral Initiative (NGLI), Geology and Physical Properties of Marine Sediments in the N.E. gulf of Mexico: Data Report, was produced by the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) with sponsorship by the Naval Oceanographic Office, in July 2001. It is report NRL/Mr-MM/7430--01-8548. Sediment cores and grab samples were collected inthe N.E. Gulf of Mexico for the purpose of categorizing the seafloor environment. This report presents results of shore-based analyses performed on the cores and grab samples. Interpretive results are not included. The unopened cores were continuously logged with a multisensor core logger, X-rayed for internal structure identification, and subsequently split open where the core material was tested for mass physical and mechanical properties. This CD data report contains spreadsheets that include: the logged data (compressional wave velocity, bulk density by gamma-ray attenuation, derived porosity and acoustic impedance), the laboratory determined properties (natural water content, undrained shear strength, and particle size distribution parameters), core and grab sample photos, and maps of the surficial sediment properties.WMSThe TIGER/Line Files are shapefiles and related database files (.dbf) that are an extract of selected geographic and cartographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau's Master Address File / Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing (MAF/TIGER) Database (MTDB). The MTDB represents a seamless national file with no overlaps or gaps between parts, however, each TIGER/Line File is designed to stand alone as an independent data set, or they can be combined to cover the entire nation. County subdivisions are the primary divisions of counties and their equivalent entities for the reporting of Census Bureau data, and they include legally minor civil divisions (MCDs) and statistical census county divisions (CCDs), and unorganized territories. For the 2010 Census, the legal MCDs are the primary governmental and/or administrative divisions of counties in 29 States and Puerto Rico; Tennessee changed from having CCDs for Census 2000 to having MCDs for the 2010 Census. In MCD States where no MCD exists or is not defined, the Census Bureau creates statistical unorganized territories to complete coverage. The entire area of the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas is covered by county subdivisions. The boundaries of all 2010 Census legal MCDs are as of January 1, 2010 as reported through the Census Bureau's Boundary and Annexation Survey (BAS). For the 2010 Census, CCDs or their equivalents are delineated in 21 States. The boundaries of all 2010 Census statistical CCDs were delineated as part of the Census Bureau's Participant Statistical Areas Program (PSAP).Use MODAPS Dataset Search to obtain a list of Earth Science Data SetsBelt transects along 3 consecutively-placed, 25m transect lines were surveyed as part of Rapid Ecological Assessments conducted at 6 sites at Rota in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) in September, 2003 from the NOAA vessel Oscar Elton Sette (OES03-07). Raw survey data included species level abundance estimates.The Oahu, Hawaii Elevation Data Task Order involves collecting and delivering topographic elevation point data derived from multiple return light detection and ranging (LiDAR) measurements on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. The Statement of Work (SOW) for the area covering the northern 2/3 of Oahu was developed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Coastal Services Center. A separate but related task order was issued by the USGS National Geospatial Technical Operations Center (NGTOC), under their Geospatial Products and Services Contract (GPSC), to leverage the same resources committed to the NOAA LiDAR project for the acquisition of LiDAR data in the southern 1/3 portion of Oahu. The combined task orders yielded one study area covering the entire island of Oahu. The data collected for the island of Oahu will exhibit Hydro Flattened DEMs for inclusion into the NED. The purpose of the data is for use in coastal management decision making, including applications such as flood plain mapping and water rights management. LiDAR was collected at 1.0 points per square meter (1.0m GSD) for all acquired areas on the island of Oahu.Accuracy Assessment, Observation and Plot PointsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Access to map of data collection sites of the National Atmospheric Deposition Program/National Trends Network (NADP/NTN) with links to other maps and reports on wet atmospheric deposition (chemicals deposited via rain, sleet and snow).This dataset is a collection of imagery of Nikunau Island coral reef systems. They are pairs of imagery where one image was acquired during a suspected bleaching event. The second is a control image taken at some point prior to the event. The images are co-located and radiometrically calibrated for comparison. The difference images are analyzed for evidence of bleaching. Additional information on methodology can be found here: http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/dmsp/coral/methodology.htmlGeological studies of other planetary bodies, with links to labs/facilities, maps/products, missions/research, and tools.We estimated a mean of 989 billion cubic feet of undiscovered natural gas, a mean of 72 million barrels of undiscovered oil, and a mean of 13 million barrels of undiscovered natural gas liquids in this area.Bathymetry of Lakes Michigan, Erie, Saint Clair, Ontario and Huron has been compiled as a component of a NOAA project to rescue Great Lakes lake floor geological and geophysical data and make it more accessible. Lake Superior bathymetry partially completed. The present contours and grids have been partially derived and completely compiled here at NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) using a variety of sources of data including the NOS Hydrographic data base and the Canadian Hydrographic Service (CHS) smooth sheets. This project is a cooperative effort between investigators at the NGDC, the NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory and the Canadian Hydrographic Service. Bathymetric data used for this project have been collected from the Great Lakes in support of nautical charting for at least 150 years by the US Army Corp. of Engineers (before 1970), the NOAA National Ocean Service (after 1970), and the CHS.WMSThis data set includes data collected in 1998 to evaluate the ability of lidar to survey airport obstructions in collaboration with NOAA National Geodetic Survey. The laser emits laser beams at high frequency and is directed downward at the earth's surface through a port opening in the bottom of the aircraft's fuselage. The laser system records the time difference between emission of the laser beam and the reception of the reflected laser signal in the aircraft. The aircraft travels over the ground at approximately 60 meters per second while surveying.The data sets are generated using the OPTECH ALTM 70 kHz LIDAR system mounted onboard AeroMap's twin-engine Cessna 320 aircraft. Classified data sets such as this one may have varying posting due to some LIDAR pulses not reaching the ground caused by data anomalies. Accuracy statements are based on areas of moderate terrain. Diminished accuracies are to be expected in areas of extreme terrain and dense vegetation. The accuracy of each point is expected to meet the vertical accuracy standard; however, derived products may be less accurate in extreme terrain and dense vegetation due to a lesser number of points defining the bare-earth in these areas. The data were QA/QC'ed but some data holidays still exist. This data represents the last return data only.Report on workshop to explore a community approach to improving deterministic models of sediment transport in coastal seas, estuaries, and rivers.Submarine canyons are dominant features of the outer continental shelf and slope of the US East coast from Cape Hatteras to the Gulf of Maine. They are important conduits of anthropogenic pollutants, organic carbon, and sediments from shallow to deeper waters and support ecologically important ecosystems, such as cold seeps and hard bottom and coral habitats. The geology of these features has been well studied; however, despite their high productivity, biological data are limited (particularly deeper than 200 m). Much of the biological data available for these canyons is represented by unpublished reports, unanalyzed data sets, and anecdotal observations. The canyons between Cape Hatteras and Cape Cod are the subject of potential oil exploration, intensive fisheries, and are possible National Marine Sanctuary candidates, and yet these are even less well known than those further north.Search the current edition of the Iowa State CatalogThe search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis site is designed to provide information on federal interagency and cooperative developments related to coastal sand and gravel resources and management issues along the Atlantic continental margin.This map service presents spatial information for Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning. The service is maintained by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office for Coastal Management (OCM), in partnership with Department of the Interior (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM). More information about this product can be found at www.MarineCadastre.gov.The National Assessment of Coastal Change Hazards is a multi-year undertaking to identify and quantify the vulnerability of U.S. shorelines to coastal change hazards such as the effects of severe storms, sea-level rise, and shoreline erosion and retreat.FDA Transparency Blog Search FDA Transparency Blog -Humans have dramatically altered wildlands in the western United States over the past 100 years by using these lands and the resources they provide. Anthropogenic changes to the landscape, such as urban expansion, construction of roads, power lines, and other networks and land uses necessary to maintain human populations influence the number and kinds of plants and wildlife that remain. We developed the map of the human footprint for the western United States from an analysis of 14 landscape structure and anthropogenic features: human habitation, interstate highways, federal and state highways, secondary roads, railroads, irrigation canals, power lines, linear feature densities, agricultural land, campgrounds, highway rest stops, land fills, oil and gas development, and human induced fires. We used these input layers to develop seven models to estimate the total influence of the human footprint. These models either explored how anthropogenic features influence wildlife populations via changes in habitat (road-induced dispersal of invasive plants, oil and gas developments, human induced fires, and anthropogenic habitat fragmentation) or predators densities (spatial distribution of domestic and synanthropic avian predators). The human footprint map is a composite of these seven models. The final map consists of a 180 meter resolution raster data set with 10 human footprint classes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSTechnical details explaining how remotely sensed visible and infrared data can help recognize the extent of oil spills.These data are the summary statistics calculated for components of the herbaceous layers, and shrubs and trees from the three 0.05-ha circular plot habitat samples each taken in 2005 at the 15 sample points at Spears and Didion Ranches, Placer County, California. These values are based on point intersections of live vegetation with a sighting tube at 25 points on eight 12.6 m transects through the 0.05-ha plot. Readings were taken in the center of each habitat sampling plot and at 4 m, 8 m, and 12 m on each of the eight transects within the plot. The transects are at 45 degree increments with one transect to the north. The herb layer is vegetation < 0.5 m tall, the shrub layer is vegetation > 0.5-2.0 m tall, while the tree layer vegetation is > 2.0 m tall.Potential Evapotranspiration (PET): These data represent decadal mean totals of potential evapotranspiration estimates (mm). The file name specifies the decade the raster represents. For example, a file named pet_mean_mm_decadal_CCCMA_CGCM31_A1B_annual_2000-2009.tif represents the decade spanning 2000-2009. The data were generated by using the Hamon equation and output from CCCMA (also CGCM3.1), a third generation coupled global climate model created by the Canadian Centre for Climate Modeling and Analysis. Data are at 2km x 2km resolution, and all data are stored in geotiffs. Calculations were performed using R 2.12.1 and 2.12.2 for Mac OS Leopard, and data were formatted into geotiffs using the raster and rgdal packages. Users are reminded that the PET estimates include the inherent uncertainty of model projections. In addition, the methods used to derive PET from temperature require a number of assumptions, which future conditions may or may not meet. In particular, these methods as implemented assume that cloudcover and relative humidity remain constant. This may or may not be true. Hamon Equation: These data were derived by applying the Hamon equation as outlined in Lu et al. (2005) to monthly average temperature downscaled by SNAP.NOAA OceanWatch provides sea surface temperature (SST) products derived from microwave sensors, which can measure ocean temperatures even in the presence of clouds. This data is provided at moderate spatial resolution (0.025 degrees) for the Global Ocean. Measurements are gathered by Japan's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E) instrument, a passive radiance sensor carried aboard NASA's Aqua spacecraft.Gridded bathymetry (5m) of the shelf environment of Nihoa Island, Hawaii, USA. The ASCII includes multibeam bathymetry data from the Simrad EM120, Simrad EM1002, Simrad EM300, Simrad EM3002d multibeam sonars collected as of December 2006 by the NOAA Coral Reef Ecosystem Division in depths between 10 and 500 meters.Pacific Science Center inspires a lifelong interest in science, math and technology by engaging diverse communities through interactive and innovative exhibits and programs.Optical validation data were collected using a Tethered Optical Assessment Device (TOAD), an underwater sled equipped with an underwater digital video camera and lights. Data were collected at the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, Kure Atoll to support Benthic Habitat Mapping efforts.Reports indicating locations where non-indigenous aquatic organisms have been collected. Includes RSS feed you can subscribe to.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Department of Economics - University of OxfordThe Global Database of Events, Language, and Tone (GDELT Project) monitors the world's broadcast, print, and web news from nearly every corner of every country in over 100 languages and identifies the people, locations, organizations, counts, themes, sources, and events driving our global society every second of every day, creating a free open platform for computing on the entire world.SEG-Y Knudsen 320BR CHIRP data collected simultaneously with multibeam bathymetry and acoustic backscatter.This data set contains point locations for oil and gas platforms (structures) located in the Gulf of Mexico federal waters. Note: Platforms are being added or modified continuously; obtaining updates of this database are required to know the true distribution of platform data.Because GIS projection and topology functions can change or generalize coordinates, these GIS files are considered to be approximate and are NOT an OFFICIAL record.Contains the platform locations as of December 2014. Used ArcCatalog to create shape files.This map displays optical validation observation locations and percent coverage of scleractinian coral overlaid on bathymetry.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsRecherche dans le site web de l'Association Francophone des Utilisateurs de Logiciels LibresThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationSemantic Web Standards (en)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This marine geophysical survey was carried out by George Wimpey & Co for British Geological Survey (BGS), the survey took place from June to August 1968 in the north east Irish Sea on board the M.V. Moray Firth IV. This survey was carried out for a project in conjunction with sampling survey 1968/MF/1. The purpose was to collect data for investigation of the British Continental Shelf. Sea floor data were collected using Echo sounder; sidescan sonar and Transit sonar. Subsurface data were gathered using Pinger; Sparker and Magnetometer. These data are archived by BGS Technical details of the survey are contained in BGS report WB/MC/69/1. See also IGS report 71/19.The VT Wireless Internet Service Provider (ISP) dataset (WISP2006) includes polygons depicting the extent of Vermont's WISP broadband system as of 12/31/2006. This data layer is an updated version of WISP2003.WFS implementation of Geochron Samples.Data available online through GeoStor at http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov. Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophotoquadrangle (DOQ) is a 1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQ is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the overedge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The overedge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicking and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. The radiometric image brightness values are stored as 256 gray levels, ranging from 0 to 255. This dataset is a combination of all DOQ images from the State of Arkansas. They have been stitched into a single mosaic through an automated process using ER Mapper software from Earth Resource Mapping Pty Ltd. The DOQ images were contrast balanced (using histogram matching) and the resulting balanced mosaic was forced into a value range of 0 to 255 using a simple linear transformation.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.NODC Accession 0115200 includes meteorological, fish examination and biological data collected aboard the CHARTER/FISHING BOATS during cruises GP0108, GP0207-01, GP0207-02, GP0401-01, GP0401-02 and MF0310 in the Gulf of Alaska and North Pacific Ocean from 2001-07-18 to 2004-11-08. These data include SPECIES IDENTIFICATION - ORGANISM LENGTH, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION, WATER DEPTH, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION - LIFE STAGE, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION - SEX, SPECIES IDENTIFICATION - WET WEIGHT, INDIVIDUAL FISH EXAMINATION - PARASITE OCCURRENCE and STOMACH CONTENTS - CONTENT WEIGHT. The instruments used to collect these data include trawl. These data were collected by Edward D. Cokelet of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Alex C Wertheimer and Edward V. Farley of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Alaska Fisheries Science Center and Jamal Hasan Moss of University of Washington and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Alaska Fisheries Science Center as part of NEP. The Biological and Chemical Oceanography Data Management Office (BCO-DMO) submitted these data to NODC on 2013-10-30. The following is the text of the abstract provided by BCO-DMO: GLOBEC 2000: Factors Affecting the Distribution of Juvenile Salmon in the Gulf of Alaska J. Helle (NMFS/AFSC, Auke Bay Laboratory) E. D. Cokelet (Pacific Marine Environmentla Laboratory), E. V. Farley, Jr. (NMFS/AFSC, Auke Bay Laboratory), A. B. Hollowed (NMFS/AFSC), P. J. Stabeno (Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory) "Remarkable changes in atmospheric, oceanic and biological conditions have occurred in recent decades in the North Pacific Ocean including declines in the marine survival of some salmon stocks. Fishery scientists generally agree that in the first few months after leaving freshwater, salmon survival and growth are linked to oceanic variability. The purpose of this research is to focus National Marine Fisheries Service studies on the GLOBEC region, augment oceanographic measurements and determine what biological and physical factors influence the distribution of juvenile salmon. Three general hypotheses are explored in this proposal: (1) juvenile salmon prefer the buoyancy-driven Alaska Coastal Current (ACC) at the head of the Gulf of Alaska, (2) they associate with oceanic temperature, salinity, current and prey fields, and (3) they migrate landward of Kodiak Island in the ACC rather than seaward in the Alaskan Stream. Annual, summer cruises aboard a chartered fishing vessel will catch juvenile salmon on 10 transects between Yakutat Bay and Kodiak Island. The vessel will be outfitted with a thermosalinograph to measure sea-surface temperature and salinity, and with an Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) - each operating continuously for fine-scale resolution. Modeled tidal currents will be removed from ADCP measurements to reveal the mean flow fields. At each trawl site, temperature and salinity profiles will provide water-column properties, and bongo-net hauls will give zooplankton distributions. Stomach samples from juvenile salmonids will be analyzed in the laboratory for diet composition and compared with zooplankton distributions. Analysis of salmon otoliths for hatchery thermal marks and Genetic Stock Identification techniques will be used to determine the home stream of hatchery and wild stocks in the Gulf of Alaska and their distribution with respect to oceanographic regimes. Retrospective analysis of catch per unit effort versus oceanographic and prey factors will reveal what affects the distribution of pink, chum, coho and sockeye salmon in the study region. Proxies for bio-physical factors will be developed and compared with salmon-run size."(project proposal) Data Collection Details: Types: CTD profiles, ADCP profiles of ocean current, juvenile salmonid catch statistics from trawls, salmonid stomach samples analyzed for diet composition, salmonid otolith analyses, Genetic Stock Identification, zooplankton distributions from bongo-net hauls Platform: Chartered fishing vessel Spatial extent: 10 transects perpendicular to the coast between Yakutat Bay and Kodiak Island Temporal extent: ~2 weeks each July-August of 2001-2004.Consistent, real-time water data from streams, lakes, reservoirs, ground-water, and meteorological sites, are available from the USGS National Water Information System as graphs, tables, or files to download.We estimated a mean of 3,500 million metric tons (Mt) of undiscovered copper among 225 tracts around the world using a geology-based assessment methodology.Orthophotos combine the image characteristics of a photograph with the geometric qualities of a map. The primary digital orthophoto quarter quadrangle (DOQQ) is a1-meter ground resolution, quarter-quadrangle (3.75 minutes of latitude by 3.75 minutes of longitude) image cast on the Universal Transverse Mercator projection (UTM) on the North American Datum of 1983 (NAD83). The geographic extent of the DOQQ is equivalent to a quarter-quadrangle plus the over edge ranges from a minimum of 50 meters to a maximum of 300 meters beyond the extremes of the primary and secondary corner points. The over edge is included to facilitate tonal matching for mosaicing and for the placement of the NAD83 and secondary datum corner ticks. The normal orientation of data is by lines (rows) and samples (columns). Each line contains a series of pixels ordered from west to east with the order of the lines from north to south. This series of DOQQs was produced as a part of the Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Program headed by the Arkansas State Land Information Board and the Arkansas Geographic information Office. The aerial photography used to create the digital images was flown between January 15th and March 31st in 2006.Arlindo is an acronym for Arus Lintas Indonesia, meaning 'Indonesian throughflow' in Bahasa Indonesia. The Arlindo program is a joint oceanographic research endeavor of Indonesia and the United States, designed to study the circulation and mixing of waters within the Indonesian seas. The field phase of Arlindo began in 1993 with Arlindo Mixing after many years of developing the necessary relationships and procedures with Indonesian scientists and government agencies. Inter-ocean transport within the Indonesian Seas is the primary means of exporting excess freshwater from the North Pacific Ocean. The efficiency of this transfer dictates to a large measure the meridional overturning of the Pacific and Indian Oceans and perhaps of the global thermohaline "conveyor belt" circulation . The Indonesian throughflow is relevant to ENSO as it allows "seepage" of the western Pacific's warm pool water into the Indian Ocean, adjusting the volume of the warm pool. Furthermore the regionally intense tidal induced mixing may govern to some extent the SST and sea-air coupling, with feedback on ENSO. These mixing processes enhance buoyancy fluxes, inducing locally strong upwelling and influencing the circulation pattern. Arlindo Goal: to resolve the circulation and water mass stratification within the Indonesian Seas in order to formulate a thorough description of the source, spreading patterns, inter-ocean transport and dominant mixing processes within the Indonesian Seas. Such products are used for the development of regional and global ocean circulation models; large scale coupled ocean/atmosphere models sufficient for prediction of climate and global change; understanding of the environmental conditions within the Indonesian Seas and improved understanding of the factors that affect primary productivity within Indonesian waters. Arlindo Objectives: The specific objectives of Arlindo are incorporated in each of its three phases: Arlindo Mixing (Aug 1993 and Feb 1994): to identify the source and pathways of the throughflow and to define the mixing enroute, for both monsoons. Arlindo Circulation (20 Nov-15 Dec 1996 and 17 Feb-7 Mar 1998): to resolve the throughflow transport and velocity field across the central passages of the Indonesian Seas; extend the Arlindo 1993/94 CTD/CFC coverage both temporally, to 1996/97 and regionally, to the eastern Banda Sea. Arlindo Monitoring (1998 to 2007): provide a long term data set of the throughflow to enable study at time scales of ENSO events.Microbial source tracking analysis of water sampled supports the argument that birds are the primary source of fecal contamination during the warm season.Joomla! - the dynamic portal engine and content management systemBroad overview of USGS research and monitoring designed to understand current changes in the context of prehistoric and recent earth processes, distinguishing between natural and human-influenced changes, and recognizing ecological and physical responsesOpen Data | City of Culver CityThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Through the study of faults and their effects, much can be learned about the size and recurrence intervals of earthquakes. Faults also teach us about crustal movements that have produced mountains and changed continents. Initially a section of Earth's crust may merely bend under pressure to a new position. Or slow movement known as seismic creep may continue unhindered along a fault plane. However stresses often continue to build until they exceed the strength of the rock in that section of crust. The rock then breaks, and an earthquake occurs, sometimes releasing massive amounts of energy. The ensuing earth displacement is known as a fault. This slide set describes the mechanism and types of faulting. It illustrates a variety of fault expressions in natural and manmade features.News and related information focusing on the importance of wildfire hazards in the United States.This metadata is for the 2005 vegetation data points (spatial database) created from the sample vegetation plots collected at Washita Battlefield National Historic Site.The Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences (ATOC) at the University of Colorado at Boulder is located in a region having the greatest concentration of geophysical researchers in the nation and perhaps the world. The proximity of ATOC to this atmospheric and oceanic science ground zero \\x7f is the foundation of our unique philosophy and vision, which elevates our department to one of worldwide prominence. The guiding principle of ATOC is to be the focal point for atmospheric and oceanic science education and research training in this geographic region of world-renown excellence. ATOC is an interdisciplinary program that provides an educational and research environment to examine the dynamical, physical, and chemical processes that occur in the atmosphere and the ocean. A major theme is the establishment of a physical basis for understanding, observing, and modeling climate and global change.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Ship track of the R/V Western Flyer during the "Davidson Seamount 2006" expedition sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of Ocean Exploration, January 26 through February 5, 2006. This track was based on the hourly ship's position from the navigation system.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Law Enforcement Locations in Arkansas Any location where sworn officers of a law enforcement agency are regularly based or stationed. Law Enforcement agencies "are publicly funded and employ at least one full-time or part-time sworn officer with general arrest powers". This is the definition used by the US Department of Justice - Bureau of Justice Statistics (DOJ-BJS) for their Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) survey. Although LEMAS only includes non Federal Agencies, this dataset includes locations for Federal, state, local, and special jurisdiction law enforcement agencies. Law Enforcement agencies include, but are not limited to, municipal police, county sheriffs, state police, school police, park police, railroad police, federal law enforcement agencies, departments within non law enforcement federal agencies charged with law enforcement (e.g. US Postal Inspectors), and cross jurisdictional authorities (e.g. Port Authority Police). Although TGS' intention is to only include locations associated with agencies that meet the above definition, TGS has discovered a few locations that are associated with agencies that are not publicly funded. TGS is deleting these locations as we become aware of them, but some probably still exist in this dataset. Generally the requirements and training for becoming a sworn law enforcement officer are set by each state. Law Enforcement agencies themselves are not chartered or licensed by their state. County, city and other government authorities within each state are generally empowered by their state law to setup or disband Law Enforcement agencies. Never the less, the agencies have visibility to state level authorities because generally sworn Law Enforcement officers must report to the state the agency they are employed by. TGS did not verify any state attributes, only the name, physical street address, city, state, five digit zip code, phone number and location were verified through phone contact. At the request of NGA, text fields in this dataset have been set to all upper case to facilitate consistent database engine search results. At the request of NGA, all diacritics (e.g. the German umlaut or the Spanish tilde) have been replaced with their closest equivalent English character to facilitate use with database systems that may not support diacritics. The currentness of this dataset is indicated by the [CONTDATE] attribute. Based upon this attribute the oldest record dates from 09/13/2006 and the newest record dates from 10/24/2006.WMSThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.This georeferenced image represents 10 meter resolution bathymetry of an inshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface -akin to a DTM- based on swath angle. Within CARIS, an imagery file with associated georeferencing was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of the north shore of Buck Island, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. XYZ values are derived from a 5m resolution gridding process. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team and NOAA/NOS/OCS/HSD personnel, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/18/04 to 3/5/04. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum WGS84. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath uncertainty with footprint size 3*3. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface. While the project was conducted to meet IHO Order 2 accuracy standards, there is a roll artifact (averaging 0.5m high) in the dataset that the user should take into consideration when performing any analysis.N/AThis dataset contains a comma-delimited ASCII XYZ text file with easting, northing, and depth in meters values for the bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands. XYZ values are derived from a 10m resolution gridding process.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. A comma delimited ASCII XYZ file was then exported from the BASE surface.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The Organic Geochemistry Research Group of the Kansas District focuses on the fate and transport of organic contaminants in the environment with links to objectives, analytical methods, laboratory methods, publications, events, photos, and personnel.Site: Espiritu Santo Island, Vanuatu, 15S, 167E. 173 year record of d18O and d13C. Variable names: QSR Age, QSR 13C, QSR 18O, GRL Age, GRL Qtrly 13C, GRL Qtrly 18O, Year, MA-13C-2y, MA-18O-2y, MA-13C-4y, MA-18O-4y. Variable unit: per mil relative to PDB. Data precision better than 0.8 per mil for both 13C and 18O. Data format: Excel file. Description of data : Stable isotopic analyses were done at the University of Michigan. Powdered coralline aragonite samples (~ 100 mg) were vacuum roasted for one hour at 200 deg C before isotopic analysis. Samples were reacted with anhydrous phosphoric acid at 75 deg C in individual reaction vessels of a CarboKiel carbonate extraction system coupled to the inlet of a MAT 251 mass spectrometer. Precision ( 1 s) was monitored by daily analyses of a powdered calcite standard (NBS-20), and was better than 0.08 0/00 for both carbon and oxygen. Values are reported in standard d notation relative to the Chicago PDB standard. Ages were derived from annual density banding.Python 2.7.8 documentation Search Python 2.7.8 documentationThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Describes the role USGS plays in reducing losses from natural disasters, itemizing specific information we develop and maintain to help mitigate or avoid these problems.Field guide to identify amphibian species from the larvae and eggs. Available to download in Adobe PDF or UMESC format.Estimates of uranium resources affected by land withdrawal, effects of previous breccia-pipe mining, water-chemistry data for streams and springs, and potential biological pathways of exposure to uranium and associated contaminants.MarineSpeciesNatural Environment Research Council (NERC) Data Discovery Service Search Search the NERC metadata catalogue using the full interfaceThese organisms have negative effects on local ecosystems, but we don't yet know how extensively they have spread. Here is a key to help people identify them.BPI Zones are derived from gridded (20 m cell size) multibeam bathymetry, collected aboard R/V AHI and NOAA ship Hi'ialakai. BPI Zones was created using the Benthic Terrain Modeler (http://www.csc.noaa.gov/products/btm/). Cell values represent one of 4 classes (crest, depression, slope, flat) in an index of seafloor terrains. This data set is for Swains Island, American Samoa.The LLO operates in conjunction with the Limnological Research Center (LRC) in working towards fulfilling the objectives of the International Decade for the East African Lakes (IDEAL) to study the East African Lakes. The Lake Victoria project is funded by NSF. Like Lake Victoria, extensive work is being continued on Lake Malawi, Lake Turkana, and Lake Edward. In addition to the East African lakes, the LLO is working on Lake Issyk Kul', Lake Nicaragua, and Lake Superior. Summary: The Biogenic Silica Data file contains data for 5 cores taken from various sites in Lake Victoria. The data include ship, coring date, water depth, latitude/longitude, sampling device, sampled interval, % biogenic silica, and 14C dates. Cores were sampled at 10 cm intervals for biogenic silica analysis. Samples taken for 14C dating were prepared at the LRC Laboratory and sent to an outside AMS Facility for analysis. Pollen, charcoal, and plant macrofossils were dated. Biogenic Silica analysis was done using a timed, wet extraction technique adapted from D. J. DeMaster (1979). The analysis was done using 0.5 M NaOH at 85 0C.WMSAn oil and gas industry site survey for seabed infrastructure (anchoring conditions) acquired in August 2003. The block number traversed was 22/24.GEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesData.Seattle.Gov | Seattle's Data SiteThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsRecent increases in dissolved-solids concentrations in this aquifer have been documented in some areas used for public supply, raising concerns as to the sources and causes of the higher concentrations and the long-term effects on groundwater quality.Addresses geographic range and distribution of wildlife diseases, plant and animal phenology, wildlife host-pathogen interactions, and disease patterns in wildlife.Mineral lease blocks (oil and gas) in Louisiana offshore areas including lease information.Open Data | SocrataNews and related information focusing on the importance of landslide hazards in the United States.Sediment from rivers has both beneficial and detrimental effects on ecosystems and human activities around Puget Sound. We explain where the sediment comes from, how it is transported, and the nature of the data that we can use to understand it.Search For Level 1 and Atmosphere Products Use MODAPS Web Services to search for various MODIS related data productsThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Library Catalog may include: Data Management Plans, Cruise Plans, Cruise Summary Reports, Scientific "Quick Look Reports", Video Annotation Logs, Image Collections, Highlight Images, Video Collections, Highlight Video Clips, Dive Plans, Dive Summary Reports, Maps, Essays, News Articles, Presentations, Education Lesson Plans, Biographies, Web Logs/Summaries.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid representing the rugosity of the bathymetry of the Mid Shelf Reef south of St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands, based on a 10m bathymetric grid. Rugosity is defined as the ratio of surface area to planar area and is used as a measure of benthic terrain complexity or "roughness". Rugosity values near 1 represent flat, smooth terrain, while higher values reflect increasing rugosity or terrain roughness. For rugosity grid interpretation, is is recommended that the grid be reclassified according to standard deviation divisions.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate an ESRI Grid of bathymetry. The Benthic Terrain Modeller (BTM) tool, a collection of ArcGIS terrain visualization tools developed by the Oregon State University (OSU) Department of Geosciences and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, was used to calculate the rugosity of that bathymetric grid. More information on the specific algorithms used can be found in the BTM's documentation.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationWMSThese data represent the geographic area described in Title 50 CFR Part 622.35(a), Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic, Subpart B - Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico, Gear resticted areas, Reef fish stressed area, as of 07/01/13.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WMSSummer rains have remained steady over the past 20 years, but are less than historic highs. Temperature has increased, and while the farmland per person is decreasing, population growth has been offset with improved yields.Hydra Project Search Hydra Project -Deep Blue at the University of Michigan Deep Blue at the University of Michigan DSpace repositoryThe search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis map service presents spatial information for Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning. The service is maintained by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coastal Services Center, in partnership with Department of the Interior (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. More information about this product can be found at www.MarineCadastre.govThe search engine included in mojoPortal Content Managment SystemThis data set consists of land derived from high resolution imagery and was analyzed according to the Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) protocol to determine land cover. This data set utilized 1 full Quickbird multispectral scene upto 4 additional scenes were used to replace cloud obscured areas within the base imagery both scenes were processed to detect C-CAP land cover features on Tinian, CNMI.Extension, Density, and Calcification data from 35 Porites coral cores covering the entire length of the Great Barrier Reef, Australia. Data set contains 35 individual core data sets plus time series 1746-1982 of average calcification rate for 10 of these sites. The Australian Institute of Marine Science began collecting cores from very large massive colonies of Porites on the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Such cores cannot normally be identified to species. The cores were mounted and sawn to remove slices that were about 6-7mm thick. All slices were X-rayed and skeletal density measured along a central track on each slice using a gamma densitometer. The high density portion of annual density bands in Porites from the Great Barrier Reef appears to form usually between October and March, the Southern Hemisphere summer. Peaks in the density profiles were successively counted backwards from the last (outermost or youngest) peak. Density was assumed to peak in January and the most recent peak was dated from the date of collection of the core. Dates were then assigned to all peaks in the series. Time series of the following skeletal growth parameters were then obtained: 1) Average annual density (g.cm-3) 2) Annual linear extension measured between high density peaks (cm.yr-1) 3) Annual calcification (g.cm-2.yr-1_; the product of annual average density and annual linear extension. These data were obtained from coral cores taken at 35 sites on the Great Barrier Reef. The density profiles do not always display regular, obvious annual peaks and we could not be absolutely sure of the dating for some profiles. We consider there may be errors of + or - 2-3 years in the starting data of some of these series. File AIMS10CoreAvg.txt: Time series of average calcification rate is based on 10 Porites corals for 1746-1982: Jeannie River, Flinders Reef, Brook Island, Britomart Reef, Lodestone Reef, Wheeler Reef, Havannah Island, Hook Island, Sanctuary Reef, and Abraham Reef. 3 series are presented: 1) Annual average values expressed as standardized anomalies; each of the 10 series was converted to standardized anomalies with respect to 1934-1982 mean and sd; resulting series then averaged for 10 corals. 2) Annual average standardized anomales filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. 3) Annual average series converted to original calcification units (g.cm-2.yr-1) filtered with 5-year gaussian filter. Because of potential dating errors the last two series are considered to be most reliable. Lough and Barnes (1997) suggest that ~30% of the variance in the 10-coral calcification series can be explained by variations of annual sea-surface temperature.Search Bookworks, Printing and Printmaking on Brookes WikiGEOTRACES, An International Study of Marine Biogeochemical Cycles of Trace Elements and their IsotopesAccess to GIS geospatial datasets for Oklahoma and the United States for Geographic Information Systems (GIS) applications.This dataset contains a GeoTIFF with 2x2 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of a selected portion of seafloor south of St. thomas, USVI, derived from data collected from 3/28/2011 to 4/14/2011. NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Branch, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data south of St. Thomas and St. John, USVI, from 3/28/11 to 4/14/2011. Data was acquired with a hull-mounted Kongsberg Simrad EM 1002 multibeam echosounder (95 kHz) for water depths greater than 75 meters, and with a moon pool flange-mounted Reson 7125 multibeam echosounder (dual frequecy, 200/400 kHz) for water depths of up to 75 meters. It was processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on CUBE. A BAG file was exported from the BASE surface, and converted to a GeoTIFF in ESRI ArcMap 10.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Atlassian Confluence Search ProviderMathematical models predict overall streamflow, runoff, subsurface flow, groundwater flow, and soil moisture in this area in response to four different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.SCAR initiates, develops and coordinates scientific research in the Antarctic region and provides objective independent scientific advice to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings.The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) is the Federal standard for geographic nomenclature in support of the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. See http://geonames.usgs.gov/domestic/feature_class.htm for feature class values and definitions.EM300 and EM3002D multibeam Data were collected from 08 August-01 October 2005 aboard NOAA Ship Hi'ialakai at Kure Atoll, Gambia Shoals, Pearl and Hermes Reef, west of Lisianski Island, and Maro Reef in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands during cruise HI-05-07. These multibeam data were collected using SAIC ISS-2000 software in the Generic Sensor Format and processed using SABER editing software. Surface sound velocity values were supplied by a Seabird SBE-45 MicroTSG and a SBE-38 remote temperature probe. Sound velocity corrections from a Seabird 911 CTD sensor and motion corrections from a POS-MV vertical reference were applied to the data in real time. Predicted tides were applied to the data in real time. Horizontal accuracy is 20 m (no differential GPS correctors applied), vertical accuracy is depth dependent (~1% of water depth), WGS84 datum. These data are not to be used for navigation. Depths mapped range from ~70-5000 m.This booklet presents a generalized summary of the nature, workings, publications, and hazards of the common types of volcanoes around the world, along with a brief introduction to the techniques of volcano monitoring and research.Subbottom Profile data files: Subbottom ProfilerWhat is a Climate Science Center? On September 14, 2009, the Secretary of the Interior signed a Secretarial Order (No. 3289) entitled, "Addressing the Impacts of Climate Change on America's Water, Land, and Other Natural and Cultural Resources." The OrderDepartment of Economics - University of OxfordCRED APEX drifter Argos_ID 25321 was deployed in the region of NW Hawaiian Islands to assess ocean currents and sea surface temperature. APEX drifter data files contain drifter ids, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, GPS latitude and longitude. Drifter data was collected hourly. All dates and times are UTC. Contact Coral Reef Ecosystem Division (CRED), NOAA Pacific Island Fisheries Science Center for more information. http://www.pifsc.noaa.gov/cred/oceanography.php492 Coastal Zone Management Program (CZMP) counties and county equivalents, 2009, extracted from the U.S. Census Bureau's MAF/TIGER database of U.S. counties and cross-referenced to a list of CZMP counties published by the NOAA/NOS Office of Ocean and Coastal Resource Management (OCRM).WMSLinks to websites providing data and information related to Michigan hydrology including droughts, floods, current water conditions, Great Lakes water levels, climatology, and weather.We estimated mean volumes of 38 trillion cubic feet (TCF) of undiscovered natural gas, 159 million barrels of natural gas liquid (MMBNGL), and no oil in accumulations of 0.5 million barrels (MMBO) or larger in this area.The South Texas Outer Continental Shelf Project (STOCS) conducted by the University of Texas and the USGS with funding from BLM/NOAA.The USGS produced geochemical analyses of sediment and suspended sediment, clay mineralogy, and physical properties of sediment for 264 samples collected from October 26, 1974 to December 21, 1974. Additional grain size analyses are not included in the NGDC digital grain size file due to numerous errors. The University of Texas produced grain size analyses in the historic 073 format for 1647 sea floor samples collected from February 8, 1976 to October 18, 1977. Data include collecting institution, ship, cruise, sample id, latitude/longitude, date of collection, water depth, sampling device, method of analysis, sample weight, sampled interval, raw weight percentages of sediment, within a given phi range. Some samples also have percentages of total gravel, sand, silt, clay, and statistical measurements such as mean, median, skewness, kurtosis, and standard deviation of grain size. These data are part of the larger NGDC digital grain size database.These GIS files represent geographic boundaries for lands that are under the protection of NYS Agricultural District Law, administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets. The boundaries are derived from New York State Agricultural District, 1:24,000-scale, maps produced at county agencies. The district boundaries correspond to tax parcel data. District boundaries are joined into a file representing all of the Agricultural Districts within an entire county. Note that 2003 legislation allows lands to be added to districts on an annual basis. Electronic data provided here may predate those additions. Tax parcel detail and secondary rights-of-way are not included in this dataset. Rights-of-way for state and federal highways, railroads and utilities are only included when they are delineated on the original 1:24,000 scale maps. The data files are in ArcGIS shapefile format.This dataset contains an ESRI Grid with 2 meter cell size representing the bathymetry of an offshore portion of the NPS's Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument, south of St. John, US Virgin Islands.NOAA's NOS/NCCOS/CCMA Biogeography Team, in collaboration with NOAA vessel Nancy Foster and territory, federal, and private sector partners, acquired multibeam bathymetry data in the US Virgin Islands from 2/1/05 to 2/12/05. Data was acquired with a pole-mounted Reson 8101 ER multibeam echosounder (240 kHz) and processed by a NOAA contractor using CARIS HIPS v5.4 software. Data has all correctors applied (attitude, sound velocity) and has been reduced to mean lower low water (MLLW) using final approved tides and zoning from NOAA COOPS. Data is in UTM zone 20 north, datum NAD83. The processed CARIS data was used to generate a CARIS BASE surface based on swath angle. An ASCII XYZ file was exported from the BASE surface and opened in ESRI ArcMap 9 as an XY event. Then the ArcToolbox conversion tool 'Feature to Raster' was used to generate the final ESRI Grid.The project was conducted to meet IHO Order 1 and 2 accuracy standards, dependant on the project area and depth. All users should individually evaluate the suitability of this data according to their own needs and standards.This part of DS 781 presents data for the acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California. Backscatter data are provided as separate grids depending on mapping system or processing method. The raster data files is included in "BackscatterA_8101_2004_OffshoreBolinas.zip", which are accessible from http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/781/OffshoreBolinas/data_catalog_OffshoreBolinas.html. The acoustic-backscatter map of the Offshore of Bolinas map area, California, was generated from backscatter collected by California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB), by Fugro Pelagos, and by Moss Landing Marine Laboratory (MLML). Mapping was completed between 2004 and 2010, using a combination of 200-kHz and 400-kHz Reson 7125, and 244-kHz Reson 8101 multibeam echosounders, as well as 468-kHz SEA SWATHPlus and 250-kHz GeoSwath interferometric systems. Moss Landing Marine Laboratory mapped the nearshore region north of Bolinas in 2004 prior to the California Seafloor Mapping Program (CSMP). The nearshore region from south of Bolinas Lagoon to Stinson Beach was mapped by Fugro Pelagos in 2009 for a project outside of the CSMP and only bathymetry data were collected. Therefore, note that the shaded relief map coverage (see Bathymetry Hillshade--Offshore of Bolinas, California, DS 781) does not match the acoustic-backscatter map coverage (see Backscatter A-E--Offshore of Bolinas, California, DS 781). Within the acoustic-backscatter imagery, brighter tones indicate higher backscatter intensity, and darker tones indicate lower backscatter intensity. The intensity represents a complex interaction between the acoustic pulse and the seafloor, as well as characteristics within the shallow subsurface, providing a general indication of seafloor texture and sediment type. Backscatter intensity depends on the acoustic source level; the frequency used to image the seafloor; the grazing angle; the composition and character of the seafloor, including grain size, water content, bulk density, and seafloor roughness; and some biological cover. Harder and rougher bottom types such as rocky outcrops or coarse sediment typically return stronger intensities (high backscatter, lighter tones), whereas softer bottom types such as fine sediment return weaker intensities (low backscatter, darker tones). These data are not intended for navigational purposes.During the Okeanos Explorer (EX) mission EX1204, the vessel will sail from Norfolk, VA, along the continental shelf break of the U.S. East Coast from Virginia to Rhode Island, to the ship s home port of Davisville, RI. The goal of the mission is to explore northeastern canyons and continental margins using the ship s Kongsberg EM302 multibeam sonar, Simrad EK60, and Knudsen sub-bottom profiler. CTD casts are probable around different locations around the axis of the canyons with niskin bottle firings for water sampling, depending upon staff availability. XBT casts will be fired every 4 hours for system calibration checks. Multibeam data collected in a sloped but featureless area in the vicinity of McMaster canyon will be used in comparison with data in this same area recorded by the NOAA Ship Hassler and the NOAA Ship Bigelow.Point location for oil and gas installations in federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico are presented. This layer was converted from GIS data acquired from the U. S. Department of the Interior Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) website. We note that platforms are being added and removed continuously, thus regular updates of this data base are required to know the true distribution of platforms. Although file description reports are available, no FGDC-compliant metadata are available for the original files from BOEM. The current layers are non-projected with coordinates in decimal degrees.This digitally compiled map includes geology, geologic provinces, and oil and gas fields of Europe including Turkey. The maps are part of a worldwide series of maps on CD-ROM released by the U.S. Geological Survey's World Energy Project. The goal of the project is to assess the undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources of the world. For data management purposes the world was divided into eight energy regions corresponding approximately to the economic regions of of the world as defined by the U.S. Department of State. Europe (Region 4) includes Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and Vatican. The depicted portion of Region 2 includes Turkey. Each region is divided into geologic provinces. Each province has a set of geologic characteristics that distinguish it from surrounding provinces. These characteristics may include the predominant lithologies, the age of the strata, and the structural style. Some provinces include multiple genetically-related basins. Geologic province boundaries are delineated using data from a number of geologic maps and other tectonic and geographic data (see References). Offshore province boundaries are defined by the 2000 meter bathymetric contour. Each province is assigned a unique number. Because geologic trends are independent of political boundaries, some provinces overlap two regions. The code of those provinces that lie entirely within Europe begin with the number 4 and those provinces that lie entirely within Turkey begin with the number 2. The code of those provinces that lie partly within another region may start with a 1, for the Former Soviet Union (Persits and others 1998) or a 2, for Middle East and North Africa (Pollastro , 1998; Persits and others, 1997). The centerpoint locations of oil and gas fields are plotted based on the locations in the Petroconsultants International Data Corp. (1996) database with permission. Selected provinces are currently being investigated, by Total Petroleum System analysis, and assessments are being made of the undiscovered oil and gas resource potential of these provinces. Klett and others (1997) discuss the worldwide geologic provinces and their relative ranking in terms of total known petroleum volume. Specific details of the data sources and map compilation are given in the metadata files on this CD-ROM. Some stratigraphic units are combined to simplify the map and to ensure consistency across the region. All rocks are colored by age. Igneous and metamorphic rocks are identified with fill patterns and colors. These maps are compiled using Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. (ESRI) ARC/INFO software. Political boundaries and cartographic representations on this map are taken, with permission from ESRI's ArcWorld 1:3M digital coverage; they have no political significance and are displayed as general reference only. Portions of this database covering the coastline and country boundaries contain intellectual property of ESRI. ( 1992 and 1996, Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. All rights reserved.)WMS Service for RGIS dataset American Indian Tribal Subdivision Areas for Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, 2000 Census (6236f5b8-3bf6-41de-9d54-7dd6501328bd)The Coral Reef Ecosystem Division of the Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center, part of the National Marine Fisheries Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), conducted CTD profiling during 15 research cruises on the NOAA Ships Hi'ialakai, Townsend Cromwell, and Oscar Elton Sette in the years 1999 to 2012, totally 1,118 casts. Processed data include the profiles of temperature, salinity, oxygen, fluorescense, and other ancillary parameters. Most hydrocast stations are near atolls and islands. Casts in this NODC accession are referred to as deep profiles and mostly reach to 500 m. These casts are kept separate from casts of the same cruises that are designated as shallow. Shallow casts are stored in separate NODC accessions.WFS Service for RGIS dataset Aquifers (3205beb6-3406-4293-adef-a59ff0575965)The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.Land Remote Sensing Program (LRS) provides a primary source of remotely sensed data and applications of land remote sensing, nationally and internationally.powered by the HUBzero(R) Platform for Scientific CollaborationShakeMap sites provide near-real-time maps of ground motion and shaking intensity following significant earthquakes.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.WFS Service for RGIS dataset LABOR FORCE Employment Status of Persons 16 Yrs and Over COS 2000 (09c3d576-cc4a-4e87-a711-d789ad7da11a)WMSThe Otolith Metrics database is a collection of fish otolith and vertebra dimension and weight measurements from adult and juvenile species of the North Pacific. Otoliths from a variety of species have been measured using digital imaging, calipers, and digital balances. Fish specimens such as walleye pollock, rockfish, sculpins, skates, and forage fish were collected as early as 1990 and otolith measurement data was generated from 2000 to present.Monthly selenium concentration in this keystone species shows strong spatial and seasonal variation in a five-year series of analyses.N/AAn oil and gas industry site survey (seabed and shallow soils) acquired in October 2005. The block number traversed was 204/23.WMSMarine Cadastre themed service for public consumption featuring layers associated with navigation and marine transportation featured in the National Viewer.Airborne gravity data for Texas and Louisiana collected in 2009 over 2 surveys. This data set is part of the Gravity for the Re-definition of the American Vertical Datum (GRAV-D) project initiated by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey to collect and monitor gravity data suitable for the re-definition of the vertical datum for at least the United States and territories. The data is available at http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/GRAV-D/data_cs03.shtml in ASCII text format.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.The National Highway Planning Network (NTAD 2014) is a comprehensive network database of the nation's major highway system. It consists of the nation's highways comprised of Rural Arterials, Urban Principal Arterials and all National Highway System routes. The data set covers the 48 contiguous States plus the District of Columbia, Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. The nominal scale of the data set is 1:100,000 with a maximal positional error of 80 meters.WMSInteractive maps of earthquakes of last 2 hours, last 2 days, and last 2 weeks in Hawaii.The Islands in the Stream expedition explored protected and unprotected deep water coral reefs and hard-bottom communities throughout the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic regions. Historically studied as isolated environments, scientists made discoveries that helped link these deep water communities (or "islands") that lie beneath the Yucatan, Loop and Gulf Stream currents (i.e., the 'stream'). The voyage also helped to document pieces of our maritime heritage and engaged the public through numerous education and outreach events. Islands in the Stream was a three-month scientific expedition to marine protected areas and other habitats being considered for protection from offshore of Belize in Central America to North Carolina's continental shelf. 'Islands' are the coral reefs and hard-bottom (also called 'hard substrate') biological communities found along the course of a massive "stream" of ocean currents connecting the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, and the western Atlantic off North America. This expedition emphasized habitat characterization and an understanding of these islands' 'connection' as parts of an interrelated ecosystem. Though separated by large expanses of ocean water, the fishes, corals, and invertebrates common to these islands demonstrated that the health and vitality of "downstream" islands are linked closely to those located 'upstream.' The expedition was conducted in two major segments: The Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico Expedition (from Belize to the Dry Tortugas at the tip of the Florida Keys) and the South Altantic Bight Expedition (from Oculina Bank Reserve, off Florida's Atlantic Coast, to three sites off the North Carolina continental.The Global Historical Tsunami Database provides information on over 2,400 tsunamis from 2100 BC to the present in the the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans; and the Mediterranean and Caribbean Seas. The database includes two related files. The first file includes information on the tsunami source such as the date, time, and location of the source event; cause and validity of the source, tsunami magnitude and intensity; maximum water height; the total number of fatalities, injuries, houses destroyed, and houses damaged; and total damage estimate (in U.S. dollars). The second related file contains information on the runups (the locations where tsunami waves were observed by eyewitnesses, reconnaissance surveys, tide gauges, and deep-ocean sensors) such as name, location, arrival time, maximum water height and inundation distance, and socio-economic data (deaths, injuries, damage) for the specific runup location.The National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) established the Coastal-Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) for the National Weather Service in the early 1980's. NDBC has installed approximately 50 C-MAN stations on lighthouses, at capes and beaches, on near shore islands, and on offshore platforms. NDBC has deployed over 100 moored (a.k.a., weather) buoys in coastal and offshore waters from the western Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii, and from the Bering Sea to the South Pacific. C-MAN and moored buoy data typically include barometric pressure, wind direction, speed and gust, and air temperature; however, some C-MAN stations are equipped to also measure seawater temperature, water level, waves, and relative humidity. Moored buoys measure wave energy spectra from which NDBC derives significant wave height, dominant wave period, and average wave period. In addition, many moored buoys measure the direction of wave propagation. In collaboration, NDBC and the National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC) are archiving these data from C-MAN and moored buoys. This NODC Accession is part of the collaboration and it contains netCDF (version 4) files with the data collected during January 2012.Information on vertebrate fossils and their use in paleontologic research in biostratigraphy, paleoclimatology, paleobiology, paleoecology, and earth history.The potentially exploitable geothermal energy reserves associated with an active or dormant volcano can be estimated using a methodology that combines principles of conductive heat transfer and volcanology to calculate temperature distribution in time and space following magma emplacement, then calculates recoverable geothermal reserves using principles of thermodynamics combined with reasonable values for rock and fluid properties and recovery and utilization factors. Four principal magma characteristics must be estimated for the calculation: volume, depth, age and temperature of emplacement. Since these four parameters and the recovery factor are the most important uncertain parameters in the reserve calculation, a probabilistic simulation is done by assigning to each a reasonable maximum and a reasonable minimum value and a probability distribution - usually triangular (if a most-likely value can be defined) or uniform (all values between the minimum and maximum being equally likely). The mean, standard deviation and most-likely values of reserves are then calculated statistically through Monte Carlo sampling of the uncertain parameters. The bases for assigning these maximum and minimum values are discussed, and an example of application of this methodology to a volcano in Nicaragua is presented. In a nationwide assessment of geothermal prospects in Nicaragua, this methodology has been applied to 14 different volcanoes, ranging in volume from 4 to 220 cubic km, depth from 3 to 7 km, age from 5,000 to 500,000 years, and temperature from 900C to 1,100C. With a uniform distribution of 0.05 to 0.1 for the recovery factor, and a typical utilization factor of 45%, the mean calculated reserves per volcano ranged from 61 MW to 676 MW for 30 years. In the absence of detailed exploration and drilling, this methodology provides a perfectly general, rigorous and internally consistent method of geothermal reserves estimation in the volcanic environment.The data include a full year of logbook forms for vessels 60-124 feet in length (the partial coverage fleet) that had participated in the trawl flatfish fishery of 2005 in the Gulf of Alaska. The digitized hauls were not restricted exclusively to the population of trips to the Gulf of Alaska (GOA), since some vessels also participated in BSAI trawl fisheries. A total of 55 unique vessels daily fishing logbooks (9 catcher-processors and 46 catcher vessels) were digitized into the Vessel Log System database. The daily production section for catcher-processors was not digitized, therefore they were excluded from the data entry procedure and we focus on the remaining catcher vessels. These logbook records are then combined with observer and fish ticket data for the same vessels to create a more complete accounting of each vessels activity in 2005. In order to examine the utility, uniqueness, and the congruence of data contained in the logbooks with other sources, we collated vessel records from logbook data with Alaska Commercial Fisheries Entry Commission (CFEC) fish tickets (retrieved from the Alaska Fisheries Information Network (AKFIN)) and the North Pacific Groundfish Observer Program observer records. Merging of datasets was a multiple-step process. The first merge of data was between the quality-controlled observer and fish ticket data. Prior to 2007, the observer program did not track trip-level information such as the date of departure and return to/from port, or landing date. Consequently, to combine the 2005 haul-level observer data with the trip-level data from the fish tickets for a given vessel, each observer haul was merged with a fish ticket record if the haul retrieval date from the observer data was contained within in the modified start and end date derived from the fish ticket data (see above). Since the starting date on the fish ticket record represents the date fishing began, rather than the date a vessel left port, all observer haul records should be within the time frame of the fish ticket start and end dates. The observer hauls were therefore given the same trip number as determined by the fish tickets trip numbering algorithm. The same process was then repeated to merge each logbook haul onto the combined fish ticket and observer data. Trip targets were then assigned from the North Pacific Fishery Management Council comprehensive observer database (Council.Comprehensive_obs) for observed trips, and statistical areas denoted on the fish tickets were mapped to Fishery Management Plan (FMP) areas. After quality control, the dataset was considered complete, and is referred to as the combined dataset.Use Google to search the George A. Smathers Libraries web siteThe National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has the statutory mandate to collect hydrographic data in support of nautical chart compilation for safe navigation and to provide background data for engineers, scientific, and other commercial and industrial activities. Hydrographic survey data primarily consist of water depths, but may also include features (e.g. rocks, wrecks), navigation aids, shoreline identification, and bottom type information. NOAA is responsible for archiving and distributing the source data as described in this metadata record.